["Thanks for the link. Very useful for policy research.", "Politicians call this an \"act of evil.\" There may have been evil at play in this young mans battered heart, but the true evil is in all the backs that were turned on him, the adult ears that were deaf to the warnings, and in those that believe that putting an AR-15 in the hands of ANY 19 year old male is acceptable. We know that many mental health problems don't manifest until the late teens, right when young people are finding independence and turning outside the home for acceptance. Be they \"evil\" jihadis or \"evil\" Americans with chip on their shoulder, they are all grasping onto violence -- perhaps pedaled on the internet --for an identity.\nAnd what kind of person takes a bunch of boys camping with AR-15's along for fun? The second amendment fanatics have to get their priorities straight. How many more children have to lose their right to life in order to preserve their right to have a good time with guns?", "There's another red flag: the size of the school.  Thousands of kids means dozens of bad ones.  The bigger the school, the bigger the cliques and gangs.  In the name of keeping costs down, schools have consolidated onto larger and larger campuses.  At some point (not helped by the tendency of staff to hide in their offices and classrooms) it becomes positively Darwinian in the hallways, especially with monstrously stupid policy of flooding them with kids changing classes every 45 minutes or so.\n\nYou can build schools that are the right size and don't have these issues.  Nobody wants to.", "\u201cEvery red flag was there and nobody did anything,\u201d Mr. Finkelstein said. Why woudl he say that? I'll bet his mother tried everything she could, and suffered while doing it, trying to find a solution. There is no magic cure for people who are disturbed.  Even if there is a diagnosis, there is not necessarily a known cure. I know plenty of kids with loving parents who go off the rails, whether because of a brain difference, a traumatic experience, or something else we don't quite understand, it happens all the time. Most don't shoot up the school. But our problem is we don't have a way of predicting who will. That is why we need to make it harder for everyone to have dangerous weapons.", "People with mental illness must not have guns. We will never be able to adequately identify all of the people in this country with mental illness. If you agree with the first two sentences, I propose that the only way to stop the insanity of selling high-powered semi-automatic weapons to mentally ill people is to stop selling semi-automatic weapons. Ban them- now.\n\nFully automatic weapons have been banned for a long time, and rightfully so. This ban has been found constitutional. Why then would a ban on semi-automatic weapons- the type used to massacre hundreds of Americans at Newtown, Orlando, Las Vegas, etc, etc.- be unconstitutional? Legitimate hunters don't run around the woods with AR-15's. Scary people do.", "We are focusing on the tool, not the offender or the lost lives.  Does it really matter which flavor of gun the offender used?  What about the much higher numbers of children-teens killed in cars?  How can lives taken by x be more or less critical than lives lost to z?\n\nThe reality is the disturbed offenders are seeking infamy, visibility, and perceived revenge.... they pick their targets to optimize their headlines.  The sad reality is there are dozens of ways to kill; just watch TV.  If you block gun access, they will find another way.\n\nWhat is really needed is a comprehensive strategy that looks at: identifying/treating the disaffected/mentally ill youths, hardening the schools, improved emergency services/planning,  and providing universal first aid training.\n\nRoughly 148,000 Americans die every year from trauma.  The Nath Acad of Sciences estimates 20-30,000 of those could be saved by universal first aid training and better emergency services.\n\nCondolences & prayers aren't changing the equation.  The previous \"Assault Weapons Ban\" had no effect.  If you really want to reduce casualties, then we need comprehensive interventions that work.", "I'm completely in agreement things need to be done and changed to stop this plague on our families and society.  However, as a Mother who raised an autistic son, the talk about having people who act differently labeled and reported is more than frightening.  My son, remains to this day, a peaceful loving, now full grown productive man.  However in his school years his language differences and his inability to be the \"cool\" one meant he was a target.  He was targeted by everyone as being different.  The pain and process of growing up, although intellectually gifted overall, was excruciating.  \n\nI sincerely hope we don't transfer the target from the victims onto new victims by allowing people without the appropriate credentials to stick labels on children.  It would be really great to have a healthcare system to screen and help with these things from grade school.  We had access to nothing.  Too many people still have access to nothing.  And mental health care is a big nothing until after people have done something harmful.\n\nDo something productive please... don't just round up all the \"different\" kids and start putting them in handcuffs or worse. ", "If we looked at the incidence of shootings where a particular type of firearm were needed and appropriate, assault weapons would be last on the list. Home invasion? No. Robbery? No. Sexual assault? No. There is no circumstance, other than our 2nd Amendment right to own just about anything short of an anti-tank weapon, that explains why a person needs a people killer like Cruz had. ", "Nothing in this description indicates mental illness. Autism is not a mental illness but a neurological disorder, or rather a range of disorders. There are millions of autistic people all around the globe and they do not go on a shooting rampage because they do not have access to weapons of mass destruction. But whatever Mr. Cruz is, the debate about mental illness is a red herring. Murderers, even mass murderers, are rarely mentally ill. Most of them are just like you and me. Everybody is capable of violence. Society either enables this universal tendency by making it easy to kill, or restrains it by putting in place regulations and restrictions. In a country at war, Mr. Cruz would be a soldier; in a country engaged in a genocide, he would be a perpetrator; and in a country awash in guns he has become a mass shooter. And unless guns are regulated, there will be hundreds like him.", "Another heartbreaking and devastating display of the disgusting greedy, insatiable and sick government we have, where the safety of their citizens doesn't even begin to have a place in their agendas. It is ALL about the money, wealth and power no matter how many lives have to go and how much suffering people have to endure.\nMay God not have mercy on those people that facilitate these types of tragedies. ", "To lessen this mayhem, we should ban all semi-automatic weapons, all large ammo magazines, all on-line gun sales, all gun trade show sales without a background check, all open-carry laws.  We should offer a hefty trade-in allowance for used guns, as they did in Australia.  We should stop listening to the NRA and other gun fanatics, and stop electing congressmen who are in NRA pockets. \n\nWill any of these obvious and sane measures completely eliminate mass killings?  No, but they will start the slow movement toward gun sanity.  If one life is saved, then all these measures make sense.  Will our liberties be impinged?  Perhaps, but they already are in many other facets of our lives, and these additional infringements are minor compared to young lives.\n\nHow can you help?  Vote against politicians, including Trump, who kowtow to the NRA and other so-called second amendment rights activists.  We have a right to protect ourselves.  That doesn't mean semi-automatic weapons with huge magazines. They aren't protection - they are attack weapons. Only cowards need those in peacetime.", "As people say after every one of these shootings, it's time for common sense gun laws.\n\nAlmost no one thinks it's a good idea for mentally ill people to have guns.\n\nBut over and over the ACLU and NAMI lobby prevent common sense restrictions on people that might have prevented these incidents.\n\nIn this case, Sandy Hook and Virginia Tech, every one (in hindsight) could see it coming. They had reported the individuals involved. Yet no one got them help. No one asked \"is it a good idea if they have guns\".\n\nLet's get over the ACLU and NAMI and pass some common sense laws.", "Yes, Nikolas Cruz showed red flags. So what. For every mass shooter who does show red flags, there is one or two or ten who do not.\n\nThis focus on mental illness is a red herring. The real issue is proliferation of  and easy access to big, powerful guns because of the perverted interpretation of the 2nd Amendment and money, big money, going into the pockets of our supposed representatives.\n\nThere are no adjectives sufficient to describe the anger, disgust, frustration, and hopelessness that I feel right now.", "One thing Paul  Ryan did express concern about is mental illness. Last year, Congress passed, and President Donald Trump signed into law, a measure that rescinded barriers to gun ownership for the mentally ill.\n\nRyan received $177,000 in contributions from the National Rifle Association in the 2016 campaign cycle.\nGood luck on Repubs stopping guns.", "Our society has stood by while the haves have created a larger and growing number of have nots. There is anger harbored within these individuals. We can expect criminal behavior from both mentally fit and unmentally fit individuals in this ever larger cohort. They may not be able to afford the finest things in life but its not much of a challenge to amass an arsenal of weapons that can be used to mow down anyone in their path. Keep passing hateful laws and continue to allow  obstacles to success for the down and out but get used to violent hate in return.", "We are all calling for gun control, removing the ability to buy weapons online.  Far from moving in the right direction, we now have Elon Musk selling flamethrowers.  In two days all 20,000 were sold out.  It's all legal.", "If only 1 person in 1 million people had the serious mental health issues that has been been displayed by the mass shooters, then there is a pool of 320 potential mass shooters. If in any given year only 5% of this pool results in a mass shooting event, then there will be 16 mass shooting events per year. This back of the envelope calculation appears to be supported by the data. That some of these will slip through any possible conceivable 'filter' is a virtual certainty.  I expect the next mass shooting within the next 2 months.\nWhile we should ALWAYS take care of the mentally ill is beyond obvious.\nBUT, to believe that focusing only on mental health issues and not the breathtaking  ease  of acquiring battlefield weapons that permeates the countryside  is maximally naive.\nWhy on earth does ANYBODY need a battlefield weapon? ", "As others have stated, the perpetrator could not legally buy beer, but he could legally buy an assault rifle. What gives? Drunk-driving teenagers caused a mighty movement of Mothers Against Drunk Driving (MADD), which changed the laws to make alcohol illegal for minors and young adults. There was no argument that any fatal driving accident was caused by people with insufficient self-control  and that we should just try to identify those who lacked such control. Why is the no organization of Mothers Against Senseless Shooting (MASS) that could effect a policy matching our alcohol restrictions?", "How many automatic assault rifles are out there?  With the continuing political fragmentation of the US, reflected and heated by a congress that refuses to work to reach a middle ground, I am actual beginning to fear that the NRA really is promoting the right to a militia so that we can have a civil war.  How many people with automatic weapons need to band together to cause a real problem for the government and the US military?  What about those of us who are relying on common norms, respect, and the, and the local police to protect us?  How many weapons can one amass before the government deems one a threat?  I feel like we have our heads in the ground, and it is much bigger than school shootings.", "He showed every red flag because in our society he felt free to do so. As monitoring increases, would-be perpetrators will conceal their intentions. They're mentally ill, not intellectually deficient. Criteria based on mental health will not work. ", "Lots of red flags, everyone knew this was coming, it could have been predicted - but could it have been prevented? What laws are there that would have prevented Cruz from buying the gun (or any gun) that killed these innocents? No one in power is really serious about changing this outcome.", "Tragedy strikes again.  People react.  For the moment they seem to care.  Perhaps the big question should be, \"Is anyone listening?\"\n\nWhen do we get serious about reaching out to people in trouble?\n\nWhen do policymakers get serious about the stricter gun controls voters demand?\n\nSoon this tragedy will be old news and replaced by another.  What does it take for change to happen?", "An experiment that readers might want to try.\n\nLook around your current surroundings, whether inside or outdoors, and try to mentally photograph every detail you can. Look closely. Note which doors are open, the objects on each flat surface, and each instance where something seems conspicuously out of place.\n\nThat's all. Now go about your business and wait. Maybe for a few days or perhaps a month.\n\nThen, when you eventually return to this space -- perhaps looking for a misplaced object -- remember this little experiment.\n\nAnd when you find the object, ask yourself: How in the world did I miss it the last time? It had been right there, in plain sight, and I didn't see it.\n\nMy point? The nature of human perception virtually guarantees that -- at any given time -- we are surrounded by objects, people, sounds and sights that we might see (in a purely visual sense) but not fully perceive. \n\nAnd in our understandable rush to understand this horrible act of violence in all its complexity, we should be very careful in our judgements of those we think should have seen something \"obvious.\" \n\nMissing the obvious can be horrible in its consequences, but it is also part of the galling puzzle that makes us human.", "When you need help, you call someone WITH A GUN. \n\nFigure it out.  National reciprocity now.  Arm the teachers.", "The NRA has became - exclusively - patrons of weapons manufacturers. They have defeated laws to hold gun makers liable, and they have defeated laws to outlaw military-style assault weapons and accessories. There's money in guns. There's a river of money in selling them like hotcakes to anyone over the age of 18. And that's all that matters.\n\nhttps://www.rollingstone.com/politics/news/the-nra-vs-america-20130131", "As others are saying, mental health is not the issue.  The data referred to by David Leonhardt say it all:  https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/11/07/world/americas/mass-shootings-us-i...\nThere are plenty of mentally ill people around the world, but no other country has anywhere near the number of guns or the number of mass shootings that are in the US.  We simply must force our representatives to stop being controlled by the NRA and, if they won't make the right choices, vote them out of office, and not a moment too soon.  ", "Nikolas Cruz, Florida Shooting Suspect, Showed \u2018Every Red Flag\u2019 and His New Parents Still Let Him Keep Guns!", "Cruz was a ticking time bomb. \n\nIf Gov won't make laws that address these shootings then states need to make laws that address people with a profile of someone like Cruz who raises so many red flags. \n\nSomeone at schools needs to be assigned to gather all the information from parents or guardians, students, doctors and police and make a decision on how to handle someone like Cruz before he goes postal. Just transferring him to another school is not addressing his serious problem of violent tendencies. \n\nWe have hundreds of thousands of Autistic children/people in the country. As a rule, they are not known to be violent but recently, some males have shown, that they were turning to violence.  \n\nOut of all the things Cruz did to raise red flags, killing animals is a sign of a sociopath. He was able to go to a fast food place and eat after killing people and then take a walk as if nothing happened. \n\nhttps://www.app.com/story/news/crime/2018/01/05/long-branch-shooting-did...", "This poor boy...", "sounds like this insane person has been doing every thing but standing in front of the police station screaming for help", "The YouTube comment said \u201cI\u2019m going to be a professional school shooter,\u201d\u00a0\nSchool shootings have become so normalized that it has become a profession. ", "A glaring example of how everyone dismissed this kid including the FBI.. Nobody really cared until seventeen layed dead in a Florida High School.", "Every American gun owner has children\u2019s blood on their hands today. ", "Those who give up freedoms for security will soon have neither.  Get the weapons of war off the streets instead of trying to lock up the mentally ill.", "All this so that members of the militia can have a right to own their muskets.", "Compare the religious right's attack on women's choice and reproductive health with the progressive's \"opposition\" to guns.\n\nWhich group is committed and wants to win?", "So wait, the governor of Florida wants the head of the FBI to resign when a state-run school system and law enforcement certainly answerable to state leadership did nothing but send this kid to another school? We wouldn't be talking about this kid if assault rifles weren't handed out like gumballs.", "First of all, most people with mental problems are in denial and cannot be forced into treatment (and then for a limited time o0nly) unless they are \"a danger to themselves and others\"   Even when they are  involuntarily transported to a hospital for a mental health  evaluation the maximum time they can be held,  in most states,  for observation is 3 days, then back to the street in a revolving door fashion.  Agreed that the mental health system in the US is another disaster.  But what difference would it make otherwise?  Let's not forget that one of the first executive orders that  Orange Treasonous Trump signed, to much fanfare,  was to reverse a previous Obama order  making it impossible for anyone adjudicated as mentally ill to buy weapons.   It is a sad day in this country when any mentally ill person can walk into a store and purchase weapons meant to inflict the most carnage, more easily than they can get medication without a prescription, apply for a job  or  buy a car.   You have blood in your hands Mr. President and so do your enablers at the WH and in Congress.  We will remember in November.  And last while  many other countries have populations with mental illness, and anti social behavior, they are not able to act out on their evil  intentions because, unlike in the US, access to guns is strictly restricted, as it should be.  ", "So IQ45 is going to  focus on dealing with mental illness - perhaps he should start with his own mental illness.\nMental illness is not killing people, guns in the hands of mentally ill individuals are killing people. Do something about the easy availability of guns for sale", "If there\u2019s not a father, or a good father, around, a boy needs an older male figure to mentor him.", "The profile of Nikolas Cruz by the Washington Post (and others) was more comprehensive than the Times, because they highlighted Cruz's years of animal abuse (so indicative of future violent behavior) and the instances of his adoptive mother disputing/denying his cruel acts when they were brought to her attention.  When was the earliest that he and his family received mental health counseling?\nIt is also unbelievable that an 18 year old in Florida can't buy a beer or hand gun, but can buy an AR-15!  This is what happens when you have a Republican one-party state and national government tied to the NRA.", "The terrifying reality: there is no legal way in the U.S. at this time to prevent an adult with high-functioning autism from buying guns. (Cruz may have been diagnosed with autism; he, the Sandy Hook shooter, and others appear to fit the profile.) Such young men are badly disabled in terms of forming strong relationships; many become estranged from their families. Facing massive frustrations, they are subject to bouts of towering rage, even the ones who are talented and intelligent. Because they don't think and relate the way we do, we perceive them as \"different.\" They make us uncomfortable. In school, this inevitably leads to ostracism and cruelty, They don\u2019t forget these acts of cruelty.\n\nThe smart ones can learn to \u201cact normal\u201d and can conceal their \u201cdifferentness\u201d from most people for periods of time. Have them committed, and they will convince the keepers that they are rational, well-behaved, not a danger. They will get out, harboring a huge grudge for those who put them in the cage.\n\nAs a society, we are too lazy and too stupid to figure out how to deal with these people, to provide them with the help they need to heal from their traumas, to find a productive and tolerant place in the world, and to prevent them from exploding like anti-personnel bombs. A lucky few manage to find their way by themselves.\n\nAs a parent if you can find one of the very rare psychologists who are not completely clueless about autism, you will still get zero help from the legal system.", "Well our society loves individual freedom so we're struggling to deal with people we don't care about until they do something horrible. He was basically an orphan and he had family issues and no one took care of him after his family was there for him. His community was that small. His crimes are inexcusable but it's very understandable. He just didn't hang out with the right crowd. If he got interested in the arts or something he could be a little kinder and artistic and maybe that could have expresed his struggles. But he chose guns and violence instead. It's human nature to be selfish and if he didn't have enough social skills I understand that he turned out sad or angry. I'm not sure if it was better for him to commit suicide or homicide. They're both so sad but we only care about loud and clear misfortunes like this school shooting. His parents clearly couldn't wished this to happen but he couldn't act any other way since the parents didn't teach any better. No one cared about him really and you know, I don't either. If I was a neighbor I would move away asap. We could keep feeding him in jail until he dies naturally and waste any resources on mental health professionals but let's be honest. No one would really want to work with him for free. His parents were responsible for him but now he is under the state's responsibility. I hope people in Florida can afford to pay for the psychiatrists for him. Eventually the society pays for any troubling individuals.", "There is nothing about any of this which does not ring of tragedy. ", "A few thousand people die from terrorism, and we increase security at airports and facilities across the nation.  We create a web of rules and regulations that we hope will prevent terrorist attacks. We invade nations in the name of rooting out terrorism.\n\nTens of thousands of people die each year from gun violence, yet all we can do is offer prayers and condolences and throw up our hands and say, \u201cNothing can be done.\u201d  What\u2019s wrong with this picture? \n\nI don\u2019t want to hear one more word or prayer or condolence from any Republican when it comes to gun violence. Save your breath.  This is the predictable result of allowing Americans to possess guns.  So keep your mouths shut until you\u2019re ready to open them and say, \u201cLet\u2019s talk seriously about gun control.\u201d", "Regarding the posting that the shooter made on YouTube (and under his REAL name) if our illustrious FBI doesn't have the capability to locate the IP address and otherwise pinpoint the author of the post, then the US has got serious problems.", "What about NRA? We have overlooked this RED FLAG! Since the mid-1930s the NRA began an advertisement campaign to possess guns and guns and more guns as we all let them continue abetting them in their business of senseless death.", "If it's valid to blame those of us who support the second amendment for the shootings, then it's valid for us to blame those who support illegal immigration for the deaths caused by illegal immigrants.  Must be consistent here.  ", "America has become an uneducated, divided, racist rabble hopped up on the myth of exceptionalism and armed to the teeth. Someone like Nikolas Cruz does not really stand out in such a society so why is anyone surprised that his 'red flags' were not noticed? In a nation with a clear lunatic as a leader and a government that simply does not care if its own children are slaughtered Cruz is simply an average Joe.", "Since when do mass murderers get to be referred to as \"Mr.\"?", "Why does the NYT find it necessary to state that the shooter was adopted? If the paper insists on delineating bloodlines, then in all fairness, the paper also needs to let us readers know if the subject of an article was conceived via IVF, was the result of an unplanned pregnancy, etc. etc. Sheesh, it\u2019s 2018. Stop with the bias already.", "Putting this photo on the front page of the New York Times is irresponsible. Mass murderers seek fame and you, The New York Times, are helping them. Coverage should be limited to the victims of these horrible crimes.", "He looks like a fetal alcohol case.  I wonder about his prenatal life and before he was adopted.", "The NRA doesn\u2019t care for the lives of children in this country. GOP politicians don\u2019t care for the lives of the citizens of this great nation. They are more interested in making money making guns acceptor every idiot claiming his/her right to bear arms. ", "Let me see if I've got this right.  A woman can believe she was sexually harassed or assaulted, accuse the man, and he immediately loses his job and his reputation.  This is considered to be a very good and brave thing for women to do.\n\nBut a caller to the FBI with first hand knowledge of someone making frightening and dangerous statements, that will involve far more than an unpleasant date or an awkward pass, is violating the offender's civil rights of free speech, according to the ACLU.  We cannot act on these statements/threats until he shoots up a school. \n\nWhat am I missing here?", "every commercial  firearm should have a computer chip, when activated, prevents it's firing. schools could transmit a signal that deactivates while police guns are unaffected. simple.", "I was sorry to see another mass school shooting in America.  What needs to be done is the police and the military are the only ones to have guns.  Let the NRA people keep their guns but do not sell any more ammunition of any kind to the public.  That will be the only way to stop this senseless violence.  Trump is giving us lip service on talking about mental health and asking people to seek it.  Well guess what the GOP hates mental health and it is the first to be cut in any of there health care plans or the premiums they make are way to unaffordable.  I hope Americans won't forget that and don't believe there lip service now.", "Media, as a reflection of the nation\u2019s desire for and  receipt of biased reporting on these  types on violent incidents and perpetrators do more damage to minority communities...and it is obvious to the communities of media targets...and it is always amazing that media never claims to notice or attempts to moderate reporting through an equity lens that does no additional harm or provides affirmative action favoring Whiteness. \n\nMy lens sees the horrifying inequity. Why does media\u2019s lens support what it claims to abhor?", "\"Kids were really picking on him and would gang up on him and beat him up a little...They ostracized him. He didn\u2019t have many friends.\u201d\n\nI hope those who bullied him read this. I hope their parents learn of the bullying so they can help their children recover from being bullies. I hope the administrators of the \"school for students with special needs\" look into Mr. Cruz's experience at their school with an eye to introspection. I hope no one thinks that the laws can cure the problem of violent mass shootings in our schools. The law is a violent construct. Violence begets violence, it does not ameliorate it.", "This guy was sending up red flags everywhere.  But few or none of the other recent multiple killers did.  No one around them suspected they would become violent, and most appeared quite normal.\n\nPay attention to warning signs.  But that can only solve a small part of the problem.", "It is understandable, but limited, to ask, 'why did the FBI not pick up on his mental health issues on social media'? The FBI are not mental health professionals. The FBI are likely little more competent than anyone else in analyzing social media. 'Mental health' is one of the great canards of our time; everyone has mental health issues. Analyzing social media posts is not a solution to prevention of crime, and only happens in the aftermath of incidents.", "I was sorry to see the shooting in  the Florida school.  I think the only solution is to ban bullet sales to the public  for the safety of all Americans.   The mental health issues are one of the first health care plans Trump and the GOP cut in any health care plan.  So we need to keep reminding them of the consequences of their bad governing.   ", "At our office this week, there were flyers distributed everywhere about what to do in the event of a gun attack.  How awful that it has to come down to this, the constant worry at work, school, home, etc.  Tears ran down my cheeks as I listened to those grief stricken parents in Florida describe the horror of what they went through on Wednesday.  The time for action is NOW.", "I wonder whether some of these cases would be avoided if the media could reach an agreement never to provide the name or photographs of these mass killers.  How many of them decided that they will redeem their failed lives by becoming famous as record-holding mass shooters?  ", "After reading this article I felt torn. I realize that this man has mental health problems but I don\u2019t believe that they are to blame for this massacre. Giving him  access to an assault weapon is the obvious reason why so many people lost their life.\nWe have a saying in my home country that translates to\n\u201c You can see the elephant filling up the room but you stab its shadow \u201c\nWe all know in our hearts why we have so many mass shootings but we are to paralyzed (for a multitude of conflicting rwasons) to dare to look that reason in the eye and tackle it.\nIt is the definition of insanity ", "33,000 people died by guns in 2016 in the US, 21,000 of those were suicides.\nJapan had 27 gun deaths in 2016 and only 8 the year before. Japan has just as many crazy, angry people per 100,000 as we do but they dont have guns. There are 300 million guns in the US, but only 100 million gun owners, most of them owning only one or two guns, with the top one percent owning   dozens . \n\nTo get  rid of guns ban assault rifles except for well regulated militias.Then buy back handguns. At 1000 dollar per weapon that would cost a hundred billion , about the size of the Trump increase in defense spending. \n\nWhich would make you safer, another aircraft carrier or streets void of handguns? \n\nWhile you are at it, buy and close Remington firearms, which is going bankrupt due to the Trump slump.", "Of course, deep condolences to all those affected by the shootings: those murdered, their loved ones, and the witnesses to the carnage - who must now somehow move forward with their lives, repairing and soothing their own mental health. The scarred survivors will now, most probably, confront the national cultural reluctance to regard mental illness (here, likely PTSD & depression) as something to *not* be ashamed of.\n\nAnd yet, is it obscene to extend compassion also to the shooter, to his apparent (yet unconfirmed) mental illness? I'm not diagnosing him, yet \"He would sometimes be hitting his head and covering his ears ... (his actions indicated a) screaming for help in every way ...\" \n\nMental illness is not weakness. What's weak, what's truly obscene, is our denial as a nation to prioritize helping both those who suffer from long-term mental illness - and those who are violently confronted with trauma outside the range of normal human experience. The shooter and the survivors both share the country's dangerous disregard for treating - and valuing - mental health.", "So many unheeded cries for help from this young man. If only he could have gotten a diagnosis and proper help for his problems, especially the death of his mother. He was all alone and acted out. That in no way excuses his behaviour, or does it? So many young people died. Very sad.", "Denying gun sales to Mentally unstable isn't impossible. Everyone who wants to buy a gun should undergo much more rigorous testing. Testing for psychopathy is not that difficult. Written testing, in conjunction to reaction to visual stimuli would indicate danger signs. We should take a look at what they do in Japan and other countries. Gun ownership should not be a right, like  water or air - the Constitution was written in 1787, the amendments in 1791, this situation is not what the founding fathers intended. We need to amend the 2nd.", "All these \"red flags\" are incredibly obvious -- after the fact. There's a lot of Monday morning quarterbacking and 20/20 hindsight following this crime. If it's so easy to spot and stop a would-be shooter, I'd like the names of the next ten. ", "As much as there needs to be a constant and institutionalized monitoring on an individual with potential harm to the society, our feckless gun regulation and purchase process needs an overhaul.", "It's especially illuminating that Nikolas Cruz made efforts to immerse himself in violent groups.  He was reported to have joined a white supremacist group (though that is now in question), he posted something with the words Allah Akbar, he most likely posted a clearly worded threat to be a school shooter.  Now there is talk of an autism diagnosis, which in certain cases may mean a lack of the ability to empathize.  \n\nThere is constantly talk of how online groups feed the anger in lost souls like this kid.  I think we have to consider it in a different way, angry people with murderous thoughts seek association with groups that provide a just cause (phony for sure) for killing and maiming.  How else can one understand a kid that would seek out both a white supremacist group AND post the phrase Allah Akbar?  It seems to me that the case is pretty clear that mental illness, anger and violent tendencies are the consistent traits.  How can anyone - especially an elected official, justify not doing everything possible to block mentally ill people from acquiring weapons capable of mass killing?  ", "I \"think\" some schools may try to handle violent acts internally and avoid filing charges with police.  So when the subject goes to buy a gun, there may be no record of violence. I could be wrong,  but I offer it up for others opinions.", "With as much trouble as he had been in, why on earth did his mother and then the Sneads allow him to own and keep a gun? Even though it was locked away, he had the key! Other questions arise: If the deputies were often at the house, if he had killed animals--which has been reported elsewhere--and taken a golf club to a neighbor's trailer, stolen fish from a neighbor's pond, then why did he have a clean record until now? Where was the juvenile court? He has a brother who is a minor, so after both parents died, where were social services? This seems to me a failure of family, neighborhood, school and the FBI. I'm all for background checks (which, apparently wouldn't have helped here anyway), more guards and machine detectors at schools, and trying to keep guns away from the mentally ill, but this situation begs for some common sense and for lines to have been drawn in the sand a lot earlier.", "Rick Scott belongs in a jail cell right next to Trump. They deserve each other. If Scott were serious about tackling mental health issues, he would have allowed for the expansion of Medicaid in Florida that would have led to increased access to mental health care in the state (this from the guy whose company had to pay a $1.7 billion fine for criminal fraud after bilking Medicare out of many more billions). If he were serious about not allowing gun violence to escalate on the state's school grounds and everywhere else in the state, he would have sponsored and promoted gun control legislation taking away easy access to assault weapons, especially at gun shows where background checks are not required. The Pulse nightclub shooting in Orlando should have given him enough impetus to do that. But, there were gay people of color killed there, so maybe the shooting there wasn't enough incentive for him. His reputation as the nation's worst governor has been well-earned, and he has the temerity to want to be a U.S. Senator after his second misbegotten term as governor is over. I hope more than 37% of voters go to the polls in the Fall, because that's ahppened twice when he;s run for governor, and he won each time by", "There are those that want all guns turned in, and laws passed to deny gun ownership to American citizens.  This will never happen!  What can and should happen is the passage of solid laws that require background checks for ALL gun purchases, the upgrading of background databases across the states and the Federal government.  No gun sales without a through the background check and that includes gun shows, your neighbor, etc., and the mandatory registration of all guns.", "Autistic, troubled youth with difficult upbringing. This story is as much about inadequately raising kids with learning and emotional difficulties as it is about the ease of obtaining guns in America. ", "I'm sick to see all these comments about the fact that it is a child's fault and we need to keep guns out of peoples hands. he is 19, He is an adult. When you turn 18, you are an adult. Yes, these things [school shootings] are horrific, but it is the fact that we need the people with mental illnesses like him, and others on the \" not to buy guns\" list. Maybe if everyone learned to properly handle and use guns this wouldn't be a problem. Its also common sense to NOT SHOOT OTHERS.  It is so infuriating to see that school shootings are still that big of a problem. The shooter needed help, as all mass shooters need. The only difference between this shooting and most other well known mass shootings is that he didn't commit suicide after. Most mass shootings, the shooter had killed themselves. He needs help. ", "Yes, the FBI dropped the ball. But really, what difference would it have made? If they had followed up, all that would have happened was that Cruz would have been questioned. Could his statement that he was going to be a professional school shooter, his boasts about his guns, his erratic behavior, have constituted probable cause to arrest him for something that hadn\u2019t yet occurred? Doubtful. Could the authorities have confiscated his guns? He would and could have easily purchased another gun.  The inquiry has to start with the availability of these weapons, not with mental illness.  ", "i'm sure it's been said already, but of course this was preventable.  No guns=no shootings.  It is literally that simple.  ", "Unfortunately this will happen again, somewhere unsuspecting, someplace where the community will respond \u201cyou would never expect it here\u201d. And then that community can ask themselves what could they have done, but didn\u2019t, to prevent this tragedy. Closing the barn door after the horses have escaped isn\u2019t the answer. Take action now in your community to prevent this from taking place. Take action now. ", "I want to articulate my thoughts on this and tread carefully here...but then again, why should I, when most rarely do that especially in sensitive situations like these.\nOne thing that bothers me, mental health has become the fallback on perhaps anger management issues, poor judgement that you cannot take back or just sheer attention at any cost.\nThere are many of us out there who've been dealt poor hands but resort to such extremes. How you react to your reality and past based on how determined you are to stop a cycle, change your path and not always play the victim. We are responsible for changing our own reality.\nAlso,I feel we are living in a culture where glorification of guns and these kinds of tragedies has become the norm and we are numb to it.\nAll that said, the NRA, this Administration & other lawmakers should not always hide behind mental health. Just saying.", "Americans will someday have to decide which Constitutional protections are more important to them, those provided by the Second Amendment or the Fourth. Defenders of the Second Amendment have held sway so far, giving us liberal access to firearms. But the only way to prevent dangerous things from falling into the hands of dangerous people is to subject EVERYONE to comprehensive and frequent mental health evaluations, which sounds to me like a definition of \"unreasonable search\".", "Yes, in the end, Cruz is responsible, but so are the many members of Congress (and president) who offer phony prayers snd then quickly forget about the latest mass shooting. Might as well get ready for the next one, which happen like clockwork. Where will it be? Whose kids will be affected? Afterward, trot out our leaders, who say, \"it's too early to talk about legislation.\" NRA dollars are worth so much more to them than the souls of children and others whose lives are erased by bloodshed.", "This will be my last year teaching and my last year in Fl. This plan was already in place before this but now I am highly motivated.", "Want it all to stop?  Allow gun manufacturers, ammo & accessory makers, the NRA, their lobbyists, et al. to be sued for damages.   One law, one change.   Long past due.", "I would also like to raise the possibility, based on photos, that the shooter suffers from fetal alcohol syndrome, which is often accompanied by particular facial and head features. People with this incurable brain affliction tend to be impulsive, violent, and aimless. This isn\u2019t to make excuses, since most people with FAS don\u2019t become mass murderers. My point, rather, is to be realistic about the probable roots of his problems and to highlight yet another way we are tragically failing our children as a society. ", "This proves that attempts of successful intervention to prevent gun deaths by mentally ill people simply DOES NOT WORK. The only way to prevent this type of gun violence is to ban the sale of weapons sold for the sole purpose of killing people. It's such a ridiculously easy solution that I can't figure out why it is even an issue. Hiding behind the Second Amendment is equally as ridiculous. ALL of the legislators, lobbyists, leaders of the NRA and the like, are complicit in the deaths of these children and the victims of past shootings. When will enough be enough? When one of THEIR children goes to school one day, and comes home in a casket? Listen to the pleas of the students of Parkland, FL - we need to STOP this now. ", "Sure, this young man had major mental health problems.  Sure, mental illness is a major problem in this country.   So what is our government doing about it, especially this administration?  Obama at least tried to mandate mental health care having insurance coverage parity with physical health care.  Let's say someone had identified this boy's probable personality disorders, possible depression, and potential for violence.  Was care available to him, in the quantity he would need it?  His widowed mother most likely didn't have the resources to pay out of her own pocket.  So how was he to get the help that might have saved 17 young people?  Our government is clearly unwilling to regulate guns at all, and in fact has made it easier for troubled people to acquire guns, so they blame everything on mental health problems.  Well, then, do something about mental health care.", "The FBI dropped the ball. The school should have had better security-the police and officials dropped the ball. The school should have had a policy if you hear or see something, say something. This could have been prevented. ", "The NRA's solution to protecting ourselves against violence is for everyone to be armed at all times. Yet a Chicago police department district commander who was rightfully and legally armed was gunned down in the middle of the afternoon in downtown Chicago earlier in the week while confronting a suspect. The NRA's  goal and reasoning are dumb and frightening beyond belief. I still want someone to explain how they, the gun manufacturers and the politicians who support them get away with setting the rules as if the rest of us are nothing. ", "We live in an ailing society, an increasingly crippled nation. And for a vaccine, we must look to the same GOP Congress that is the agent of infection. How can we expect law enforcement authorities to spot single sick cells, when we're awash in disease?", "The Paris concert shooters, brothers, were also orphans. They grew up in the foster system. ", "Red flags? Who's going to notice red flags, when you have Trump on TV every night, shooting his mouth off? Pun intended. Words are like bullets. This is the real cost of Trump. ", "Millions of white men in the U.S. exhibit long trails of red flags that are only recognized retrospectively as such for the tiny percentage of them who commit crimes with guns. For most, acquaintances and family say, \"I knew he was struggling or a little off but I never thought he was capable of that.\" I don't say this to defend gun rights but to fundamentally limit them. The reason the \"mental health\" straw man is trotted out is because its advocates know a comprehensive community-based mental health intervention capacity will never happen, not even in the tiniest measure. The very term \"mental health\" has lost its meaning. Why? Because the spectrum of behavioral health issues manifests in millions of Americans.  Men, however, who are on the depressive spectrum, for example,  are far more likely than women to manifest symptoms like intermittent explosive disorder.  But this anger-related  manifestation of behavioral health issues is so common it seems to affect extended family members of nearly every family in America. And more than 90% of these individuals, these family members are undiagnosed. So what to do?  Make it much harder to purchase firearms. That goes without saying. Then regulate guns, ammunition and magazines far more tightly than the present. And yes, ultimately outlaw semi-automatic weapons altogether.   The details of how to do these things are not the difficult part. Making all elected officials accountable for their stand on the right to bear arms is.", "Among other things, the top administrators of the FBI have been protecting the agency from the president.\n\nMany Russians have been indicted. In due course, more Americans will be indicted. \n\nWe mayl be looking at succession out to the Secretary of State... as none of those in line, VP Pence, Speaker Ryan, Senate Pro Tem OrrinHatch, are suitable. \n\nPresident Rex Tillerson? ", "A person does not have to be certified \"mentally ill\" for us to be wary. There are those around us with anger issues, odd and or anti-social behavior, etc it is not paranoid to note these.  This is not to say people who exhibit these behaviors all act out by engaging in violence against others. Still they may be red flags. While we should not overreact every time we notice suspicious behavior, with the availability of guns it behooves us to be vigilant. We have to be vigilant as we are basically on our own since the politicians won't do anything as long as they are beholden to the NRA and gun advocates. Money speaks louder than the common good.", "\u201cmental illness is to blame!\u201d Wrong. There is no less mental illness in the U.K. or Japan than we have here, but they don\u2019t have any mass shootings or gun homicides. The United States has HALF of all guns in the world! Might that have something to do with the fact that people are 50-100 times as likely to be shot here? No, couldn\u2019t be. Must be our mental health system.", "Mental illness can be used to explain this tragedy: not in the perpetrator but in the legions of other Americans who support the gun-madness everywhere in this country. What need do any citizens have for unsupervised use of asault weapons? The rest of us are mad for tolerating this.\nI am afraid schools are going to need to institute screening for all who enter the portals as we have in airports. Doors should be locked and only authorized people admitted. At least until we solve the gun madness and gun sickness in our society.", "\"Every red flag was there and nobody did anything.\"  Mr. Finkelstein said.  \"When we let one of our children fall off grid, when they are screaming for help, in every way, do we have the right to kill them when we could have stopped it?\"  This young man was very disturbed and was crying out for help but his cries went unheard.  He was bullied and ostracized by other children which added to his mental health issues.  In addition, he lost the one person in his life who truly cared (his mother)  and now he was alone.  He had no where to turn so he turned to violence.  What he did was absolutely horrendous but what society did to him was cruel.  Was there a caring adult who could have suspected his pain and taken him under their wing.  Was there a kind student who could have befriended him and spoken an encouraging word.  \n\nWe must be vigilant and start to be aware of the other Nikolas Cruz' in the world so this sort of violence does not occur again because a young man had no where to turn.  If just one person had showed some caring and compassion, this carnage might have been prevented.  We must step up to the plate and take imitative to those who are crying out in pain.  My heart goes out to the victims but a piece of it also goes out to Mr. Cruz too.\n\nLet's look for the warning signs of mental illness in a person and act before it is too late.  We cannot withstand any more senseless violence bestowed upon our youth.  It is killing our country.", "Why would the NRA wish to put an end to mass shootings? Every time one takes place, there is a predictable (and very justified) outcry that nothing is being done to stop these heinous acts.  The NRA then gins the reaction into propaganda that the great unnamed \"they\" are \"coming for your guns.\" This in turn spurs more gun sales for the NRA's manufacturing overlords, and additional donations to the NRA to \"fight\" the \"impending 2nd amendment infringement .\"\n\nFor the gun industry, mass shootings are nothing more than an integral part of the virtuous cycle of gun sales.  Our lives, and those of our children, are nothing more than a marketing expense to be written against the cost of doing business.\n\nAnd, it keeps the contributions flowing to politicians.", "This is all about money, isn't it? Government lobbied and paid by NRA, who is in turn paid by gun manufacturers, who are ultimately motivated by greed to sell more of what they produce. Then hit them where it hurts the most - the only thing they care about - their pockets. Can the laws be changed to allow victims to sue assault rifle manufacturers? I know that currently the gun manufacturers are essentially immune to these lawsuits, but maybe there could be an exception (and a very valid one at that) for assault rifles. You manufacture these machines of mass casualty, market them, sell them to kids, then you are 100% responsible. Then we'll see if the incentive to manufacture and sell them remains. ", "I don't understand what people are proposing. As a teacher, I've seen my share of very disturbed students. And I've known many with mental health issues.\n\nThey have rights. They have legal & moral rights. Students who are disturbed have the right to be helped, yes, but when you see students who like to kill animals, then what? What exactly are you proposing? Who exactly should be prevented from having legal weapons? Clearly it cannot be all the  mentally ill -- talk about a revolting attitude toward mental health. So is it only those who are diagnosed as sociopaths? Very few are & of those, fewer still are diagnosed accurately. Where do we go with this? . \n\nI can be on board with raising the legal age to 25. That makes sense to me. Perhaps that will prevent some of the mass murders. It won't prevent, however, those done illegally (eg nearly all the ones in the inner city where I work, though the media doesn't care one iota about these kids' deaths, when white people are not involved). It also won't prevent any number of recent mass shooting deaths, eg in Las Vegas. Finally, the same people in favor of banning guns are the exact people in favor of porous borders--over which illegal guns can *easily* be shipped, & they will. So if we do violate the 2nd amendment & confiscate guns forceably (I can only imagine the results) we would still have a flood of illegal guns.\n\nLast, we used to have far more guns, not less.  So why are the shootings rising? ", "Cruz is responsible for this.  Not Trump, not the FBI, not his birth mother, his adoptive mother, the schoolmate's family, the NRA or anyone else.\nNIkolas Cruz.  It is no more complicated than this.\nHe knew right from wrong.  ", "I am not interested in Nikolas Cruz and what flags he did or did not show. I demand that people like him do not have unrestricted access to guns. ", "Showed Every Red Flag !\nToo bad republicans couldn't have put a regulation on just One of Them.\nHe was allowed to purchase an AR 15, ammo, magazines...\nNikolas Cruz thanks you. You made it possible, made it so easy.", "It is time to have a conversation as to why do we need Assault weapons in the hands of the General Public. I don't want to hear about the Second Ammendment. When the Founders wrote the Constitution the weapon was a musket. So let's stop all the side steaping. In the 1930's the U.S. outlawed the purchase of Automatic Weapons.  Are our Law Makers to concerned of losing their seat and to have this conversation? Will it take a tragedy that effects their Family for them to ACT. We got words yesterday From the President and Members of Congress. If America wants worrds they can go to Hallmark. America wants Action. It's a disgrace that 18 school shootings since Jan 1 2018 does Not Move those in Congress. How do they put their heads on their pillow at night? Does it take a tragedy to effect their familes to ACT?", "Going back  to the earliest mass school shootings, I've always wondered why the killers who had such obvious pathological profiles had not been identified as threats to the community before their rampages.  Cho, the shooter at VA Tech, walked around the campus for months, obviously psychotic and threatening to the point where several professors refused to have him in their classrooms.  Lanza had a long history of mental health issues and fascination with guns and violence, known by his mother, father, brother and others. There were teachers, school administrators, police, neighbors, and classmates who knew Cruz had a cache of guns and was \"off.\"\nWhy is there no process by which parents, friends, neighbors, teachers, employers, etc can make a confidential (but not anonymous) report to the local police about disturbed people like Cruz?  Many states have \"mandated reporters\" for child abuse - doctors, teachers, nurses, etc. who are REQUIRED to report suspected child abuse.  They should also be required to report  obviously disturbed people like Cruz that they know to be in possession of weapons.  Such reports could form the basis for police/social services investigation, possible commitment for treatment, and most importantly, for a search warrant of the disturbed person's residence to remove weapons.  A process could be developed so that the accused/mentally ill person could appeal the decision by police to remove the weapons, thus protecting their 2nd Amendment rights.  ", "First, If the FBI is unable to keep up with the huge volume of calls they get about suspicious would-be mass murderers, why don't they pass the tip on to local law enforcement so somebody else could investigate? I thought law enforcement agencies cooperate with each other since Sept 11 attack.  Second, my suggestion is everybody expelled from school, dishonorably discharged from the military, convicted of domestic violence, or fired from a job should be banned from buying any type of gun from any source -- and all guns they own should be held by the local police -- for a 10 year cooling off period with a judicial and mental health review after the 10 years to decide whether it would be safe to give the guns back. Third, 17 killed in 6 minutes? Stop manufacturing automatic killing machines for sale to civilians. Confiscate as many of the guns already out there as possible and recycle the metal. ", "Okay I'm going to say it, I think it's mentally ill for political leaders and representatives to offer up words of prayer after each slaying, and for people to accept this. First off gun kilings are not an act of \"god\", and second off it does not resolve the situation.  This American epidemic of gun abuse and use needs action, and anyone with a conscience knows this.  Prayer offerings are lazy, and ineffective,  the stage is still set for the next inevitable incidence.", "First of all, Columbine happened when there was an assault weapon ban. So merely \"banning assault weapons\" won't stop these tragedies from happening. The Virginia Tech shooter committed his massacre with hand guns. So the only option that gun control advocates have if the really want to put an end to the violence is to repeal the second amendment, and good luck trying to do that. And even if you do succeed in repealing the second amendment, how are you going to get rid of all the guns in this country? There are more guns in the United States then there are people. Do you honestly think that everyone will freely give up their weapons, especially the criminals? Are you going to have law enforcement officials go from house to house confiscating everyone's guns? How would that look on national television? \n\nThere is a cultural problem in this country. Prior to Columbine, school shootings were rare, and guns were still a plenty. The question is, why are an increasing number of young men becoming so socially alienated from society that they have the desire to act out violently and harm so many others?", "Homeland Security urges \"If you see something, say something\". Except, of course, if it's the FBI you're telling.\n\nDavid Mamet is correct - \"the FBI couldn't find Joe Louis in a bowl of rice\".", "Americans should be fighting tooth and nail for less guns and assault rifles should be illegal. We need more checks in place to keep \"mentally disturbed\" people from owning guns.\n\nAlthough Cruz's adoptive parents were deceased, anyone who has raised a young man capable of mass killing should be held culpable. Parents of all school shooters deserve some blame. ", "I'm struck by the fact that Cruz went to a friends cabin, accompanied by the friend's father, where \"Shooting weapons was a big part of the trip's allure. There were two AR-15s on the trip...\" So not just about mental illness but about a culture that glorifies weapons (and violence) and also a lot of bad parenting.", "Another missed opportunity to stop a madman. Many reported their concerns to authorities and it fell on deaf ears. I am not pro-gun, but how many people need to wave the big warning flags before someone takes notice. In almost every case of a massacre in the U.S someone was aware and chose not to act on it or was brushed aside by authorities. There is a lot of blame to go around.", "So an 18-year-old kids walks into the store and asks to buy a fifth of vodka.\u201d\n\n\u201cI need to see some ID \u201c says the cashier, who quickly says he cannot sell him liquor because he is underage. \n\n\u201cWell then let me have a pack of Marlboros,\u201d the kid says. \n\n\u201cSorry but you are too young to buy cigarettes.\u201d\n\n\u201cOK then let me have an AK15 with 250 rounds and three 30-round magazines.\u201d\n\n\u201cThat\u2019ll be $238.16. Cash or credit? You want me to wrap it up?\n\n\u201cNo thanks. I want to shoot 30 or so people on the way home.\u201d\n\nWhat is wrong with this picture?", "I would support the call for more gun regulation, if I thought that would help.  We have laws and age requirements for tobacco.  Children smoke.  WE have laws and age restrictions for alcohol, and even banned it entirely for a while.  Children drink because they still have easy, though illegal, access, adults drink to excess and drive, in spite of severe consequences.  We ban certain drug/substances and sentences for drug law violations have given us the highest incarceration rate in the world.  Drugs of all kinds are available to an one who wants them.  115 people a day on average die from drug use.  If criminalization is our only resort, then we will never see the end to violence.  ", "I wonder what GOP congressmen order when the gun lobby reps take them out to dinner.", "Until someone actually commits a crime or exhibits behavior worthy of psychiatric committment, what do red flags really matter? In our current free society, we really couldnt' stop him. We can't jail someone because they seem unhinged or a threat. You can jail someone because someone called an FBI tip line and was worried. I suppose those things could trigger law enforcement surveilance but outside of terrorist threats civil rights laws make that difficult too.  Mental health discussion is valuable, yes, but that is much larger problem with an expensive and very long term solution. The only low hanging fruit in this discussion is how easy it is for deranged people to get assault rifles. ", "We need to keep in mind that many Republican politicians receive huge payouts from the NRA.  Marc Rubio has received over the years $3,303,355 from the NRA according to reliable sources, and dot has received $30 Million from the same organization.  The amount \"donated\" to Florida Governor Rick Scott is not on record, but the NRA gives him an \"A\" grade.  This would make a good project for an investigative journalist.\n\nDr. Conde's excellent comment is one that should be distributed to every church and school in the country because it sensibly and intelligently points to gun control as the most effective way to stem the horrible killing of American children.  Why would any civilian \"need\" an assault weapon?  Guns can be bought in this country as easily as a T-shirt or a cookpot or a book, and that is crazy.", "The details of Mr. Cruz's situation can probably be repeated, with some variations, thousands of times across the United States. As a child I heard about classmates who tortured animals or were \"off\" in other ways. The difference now, and the one constant in so many mass shootings, is the ready availability of AR15 killing machines.   ", "I don't think anyone with sense would pick up on the professional school shooter post. The way it was worded sounds distinctly ironic, not serious. A \"professional\" school shooter? Sounds rather sardonic and a bit witty, not threatening. That's why this could never be prevented. As long as guns are available, they will be used. The studies show without any doubt. Beyond any doubt. The more guns the more gun violence. Let's get rid of all guns and get on with leading productive lives. ", "Please more information about the unfortunate victims and their families. We don\u2019t need to provide any platforms for the murderers. Nothing is going to change in Washington. How many of their constituents (including kids) need to die before they tightened the US gun regulations? They are the part of the problem. And that is obvious.", "It appears that a number institutions and individuals did the right thing.   Expelling him from the school seems like a prudent choice.  The family taking him in did a risky and noble thing.  While I would not tolerate a gun in my house, I assume that guns are more prevalent in that region, and perhaps keeping it in a locked box was the best they could negotiate.  Even if the FBI and law enforcement had been more proactive, we have seen that sometimes it is easy only in retrospect to distinguish between those who are disturbed and those who are dangerous.  \n\nIf he had lived in another country, he might have also gone on a bloody rampage.  But in any other developed country, he would not have had access to a gun and his rampage would have most likely been limited to using a knife, which would have drastically reduced the severity of the harm and the number of people affected.\n\nIt's about the guns.  The NRA will not allow the GOP to negotiate on any of this.  The first act of the GOP Congress in 2017 was to roll back restrictions on gun access for those people with mental health issues.  We will never get effective gun regulation in this country until the NRA-owned bizarrely-extremist Republican Party is defeated and relegated to the status of a small fringe party.  They must be defeated.", "The United States seems to have a disproportionate number of mentally unstable, aggrieved white men willing to commit mass murder. ", "       These are the young, desperately torn from reality...for whatever reason...they are children America has lt play dress-up in combat fatigues, longcoats, ammunition and weapons. Malcom Gladwell's essay in the NewYorker well describes a type of normalization of these behaviors with an analogy to the participants in riots. A worthwhile read as it describes a current running under American life where nature or nuture isn't really the question.\n      Clearly, (if you look hard at the statistics) ANYONE in America, who does not drop everything NOW and march on Washington,occupying the halls of power to stop the NRA NOW, is suffering some kind of mental delusional disorder.\n     Stroke victims regain their faculties through finding new pathways to process movement. America get woke, march on Washington, cause a stroke.\nRise up!", "now that he has admitted the crime, turn him over to the families of the dead and wounded.\n\nlet them deal with him. no charges will be filed against them.", "It\u2019s about the guns", "There is #MeToo movement for sexual assaults.\nWhere is #NoMoreGunViolence for assaults to our right to live?", "The NRA, conservative pundits, and Republicans everywhere tell us that \"guns make us safer.\"  Really?  Try bringing one into the halls of Congress or the White House.  The hypocrisy carries quite a stench.", "It looks like he is wearing a red MAGA (make America great again) cap in one of the videos of him shooting a pistol in his backyard. On one of his social media sites he is definitely wearing one as he hides his face behind a camouflage bandanna. \n\nMAGA   Making Assault Guns Available... Wear this cap to show your support of the Republican state and federal legislators who keep these guns available in your neighborhood. 5,000,000 assault weapons, toys for the boys and their numbers are growing!", "The diversion of mental health insults the victims' families and our intelligence. No other country with strict gun regulations experiences our levels of violence. The guns are the problem, and the solution requires taking them away. Yes, taking them away from legal owners, too. Yes, this includes handguns as well as rifles. It's the guns, stupid.", "The sub-headline here reads--\"he certainly had a difficult childhood.\"\nHow many people can we say that of?\nDickens based a whole literary career on characters with gruesome childhoods.\nThey didn't shoot randomly in schools with assault rifles.\nGun control....ah, no, that would interfere with \"freedom.\"\nAnd interfere with profits for gun makers.  Can't have that.\nFreedom to own guns is more important to us than safety of our children and of\nall of us.  I said that in a comment  here after one of the other mass shootings.\nHere we go again.\nYesterday's Opinion writer said it--\"we just don't care.\"  As a society, we just don't care.  As long as we have cheetos and booze and football and new cars and porn.", "The problem is that when armed white dudes are near schools police rarely noticed them. Where I live in DC, police routinely report arresting armed black dudes all the time - and nobody really feel threatened by that anymore. But one day a deranged armed white dude appeared at my school (the GW)'s library without police noticing him until he was already inside the building. I was one of the librarians there and I called the UPD - took them another 5 minutes to come. Make no mistake, armed white dudes being near schools are very bad news. But nobody is interested in stopping or arresting them before they show up inside a school. Police only stalk around black dudes. This is our society's inherent problem: racial bias. And this is the price we are still paying for it, everyday.", "Florida voted for TRUMP and NRA.\n\nFLORIDIANS love their guns!", "No civilian teenager should ever be able to get their hands on an assault rifle.  ", "I wonder if the NR Times can help me determine which of the following phrases are most used by our president, senators, and representatives:\n1. \"Our father that art in heaven\"\n2. \"I pledge allegiance to the flag\"\n3. \"my thoughts and prayers gout to the victims\"\n4. \"this is not the time to talk about gun control\"\n5. \"this is a mental health issue\"\n\nPerhaps this would be a good topic for David Brooks to address in a column.", "\" ENOUGH SAID\".....\" He said that Mr. Cruz at one point had gone to a school for students with special needs. \u201cKids were really picking on him and would gang up on him and beat him up a little,\u201d Mr. Gold said. \u201cThey ostracized him. He didn\u2019t have many friends.\u201d", "So--breaking news as I type--the FBI received information so starkly clear that a kindergartner could have comprehended it--and yet again they fumbled it like an amoeba trying to play football.\n\nSorry.  Maybe we should give the billions spent on law enforcement and counterintelligence to high school squads across the nation.  I think they*d be more than capable of doing the job.\n\nYeah--semi-automatics are a real problem in the hands of anyone, much less a congenitally-damaged, reported-to-be autistic kid who*d been terrorizing the neighbors for years.\n\nAnd==you hate the NRA?  Me too.  I also despise the *advocates* for the mentally ill who conveniently overlook the reality that most people who are mentally ill do not receive even a formal diagnosis, much less effective treatment.  Everyone plays with statistics to obscure truth.  \n\nAdam Lanza was autistic.  The kid in Oregon--or was it Washington State?--was autistic.  Dylann Roof is autistic.  This kid is autistic.\n\nAnd none of them received the services they needed to at least keep them and everyone else safe.  These kids weren't evil.  They were, or are, profoundly damaged in ways that were apparent from earliest childhood.  And all of their parents failed them first.", "A 19 year old is not a \"child\", Mr Finkelstein. The  People of Florida have every right to ask the judge and jury to execute him. The current problems of the relatives of more than 30 families far outweigh any requirement the state had to consider the delicate feelings of this vicious perpetrator.  When will we ever care 1% as much for the victims and their families as for the authors of these atrocities?", "This is a mental health issue.  Centred squarely in the Oval Office.", "Protecting American children from being murdered by military grade weapons is a medical problem, one which will only be solved by physicians.\n\nOur politicians lack the ability to resist the NRA's flow of campaign contributions.\n\nWhen military assault rifles, clips, and bullets are confiscated and outlawed,\nthen mentally ill patients will be unable to get their hands on them.\n\nPeriod.\n\nThe only thing that Paul Ryan and his NRA puppets have to offer America:\n\nineptitude.", "\"...we should arm EVERY teacher.\"\n\nYou two faced, double talking sycophants don't even want to properly fund schools with pencils and printer ink. But now have the budget for Glocks? ", "\"shooting weapons was a big part of the trip's allure\"\nBig surprise when boys whose brains are still forming, go out and kill?", "I am a gun owner. I like to go hunting. However I am all for making the AR-15 illegal. Truthfully my shotgun is more dangerous a weapon in the wrong hands though. One other law I am completely in favor is that if you get kicked out of school for  threatening other students you can\u2019t buy a gun for a number of years. I don\u2019t see how that would be objectable. ", "Military style weapons in the hands of the criminally insane. Why is this allowed to happen?", "If your child grows up to the age of 19 and becomes a mass murderer I can't listen to excuses about the parents.  ", "I'd like to report someone for \"bad and erratic behavior\".  He does nothing to protect Americans from guns, hatred, environmental destruction, corruption, and foreign tampering of our elections; while raiding the pockets of working people to pay the ultra rich more money.  He is destroying our government as we have known it since it's inception and loading the courts with people who think like he does so that there will be no way to legally challenge him and his cartel of buffoons.  We need politicians who are respected and teach our children not to hate by example.  Someone please listen.", "(start sarcasm)\nI don't understand....they say it's not the gun; that a killer will find a way to kill. Why do they always seem to choose guns though?", "Grieving parents of Lakeland, be forewarned.  Trump will inevitably make this about him, the way he fought with the families of Sergeants Khan and Johnson and disrespected their sacrifices.  Embrace him at your own risk, knowing that if you somehow rub him the wrong way, he will unleash a Twitter storm on your family, and the memory of your child.", "When you have to spend your time looking to buy a gun and dealing with your paranoia and fear, who has time for red flags.", "Chief public defender Finkelstein is wrong in saying that \"...nobody did anything\" for Mr. Cruz. The Sneads did. They evidently took him in after the death of his Mother, providing shelter and friendship, in order to keep Mr. Cruz from \"...falling off the grid.\"  In addition to supporting the families of the precious victims, we also must support the Sneads, who stepped in to try to help this obviously troubled man. They deserve thanks, even though their efforts on Mr. Cruz' behalf did not ultimately prevent this tragedy.", "#NoMoreSchoolShootings Congress... consider yourself on notice. If you can't remove your face from the NRA's feed trough and get up off your knees, and find some courage, then The People will have to do it for you. Your thoughts and prayers are not doing anyone any good.", "Remember Lee Harvey Oswald?", "African Americans are arrested for suspicious behavior when they have done nothing but just exist. Yet this white gunman displayed actual suspicious behavior for years - and the police knew about it - and THEY did nothing.", "The people he was staying with allowed him to have an assault rifle in their home, according to the news.\nWould you allow that?", "Before everyone rushes to blame the FBI for failing to act, stop and think about how messed up it is that such a warning could be lost in the background noise of violent threats involving guns in this country.  Our gun culture is the primary problem here.", "Is it only me? Am I the only one tho understand that this system tilts in favor of providing guns to the very young? Background check on on a teen? What background could they have to check? A middle aged person has lived long enough to leave some clues (at best). A teen? His report card perhaps? Be serious. This will never ever work. BAN ALL GUNS.", "The Second Amendment's well regulated militia strikes again. And it will keep it up.", "Once again, you guys make the assailant into a celebrity. Nice job inspiring the next lost, lonely, hurt person to become a monster. \n\nWhy do we need to know his name? Why do you feel the need to tell his life story? You are giving him what he wanted.", "The focus should be on guns.  Every society has angry or mentally ill people but only in United Stated they have EASY access to weapons of mass destruction, which can be used to kill many even by children.  Instead of profiling the victims or the killers in such details, the press should go after politicians who refuse to do something about the guns.  The press should continue to highlight politicians who take a large amount of money from the NRA, and hold them responsible.  This coverage should point out the complete lack of leadership on this issue from President Trump.  There is no place for assault rifles in our society.  AR-15 in may ways is more lethal than the M1 rifle we used in WW-II. ", "How about posting the gun store that sold the weapon here? What kind of person sold this clearly troubled teenager a machine gun? Post the name and location of these \"reputable\" businesses. ", "Let's be crystal clear about this. Shootings (mass, or otherwise) are not a mental health problem, nor an FBI problem. Fewer guns in the population means fewer opportunities for shootings to occur. We need a Congress that understands their voters demand legislation to reduce the number of guns in circulation. Simple. If not this Congress, then one with Representatives and Senators who do understand - go out and VOTE!\n\nI do not expect a single piece of silver bullet legislation which \"would have stopped this or that tragedy from happening\", but I do expect steps to be put in place to make it harder for people to buy guns, and to reduce the number of guns in circulation. The straw man argument that there is no silver bullet is no excuse for complete inaction.", "The horror of having a child who was a victim of this slaughter is unimaginable.\nAccounts of families victimized as a result of government action or inaction always presents a compelling case - always.", "We live in a nation where every angry can't-take-it-anymore can run amok and kill a very large number of people, because we make it trivial for them to have the means to do so.\n\nThe phenomenon of \"running amok\" is age-old, and cross-cultural, though the style is culturally determined.  The word itself comes from Malay, meaning a homicidal frenzy killing random people -- at time of origin by running through the marketplace with a machete-like weapon.\n\nIt was hard to kill so many that way; much easier to defend or stop someone literally run amok.\n\nNow you go down to the local Guns-R-Us and buy your mass murder toy -- it's your \"2nd amendment right;\" every angry loser gets to take a lot of honest decent people with them if they want to ... or even like Mr. Cruz -- surrender meekly, presumably to spend the rest of his life in jail at public expense.\n\nThere is no justice possible here, for anybody, after the fact.", "all the students take a field trip to congress. all congress members required to sit and listen to the students.  all members of congress cast a ballot in the presence of the students.", "Remember this when it comes time to vote.", "It would have been curious to see the narrative if it was a Black or Muslim student that had conducted this carnage and would there have been the same pre-occupation with whether or not he had mental health issues and a troubled background?\n\nAuthorities spent months trying to determine the motive of the Las Vegas shooter and ultimately, all they could determine was that he was taking some form of anxiety medication.  Why not call it ALL like it really is, TERRORISM.  When their motive is to kill as many as possible in as short a time as possible, it doesn't matter the color of the skin, religion, background or motives of the perpetrator. \n\nThe study presented yesterday in the NYT of why there are are far more mass killings in America than anywhere else in the world was quite clear.  In America, there is far too many guns, and overall access to them, is far too easy, bottom line.  ", "At 19, why was it easier for him to buy a gun than a bottle of wine?  What are our priorities as a nation?", "Yesterday (February 15, 2018) was the first anniversary of the first bill Trump signed into law. It was a piece of stand- alone legislation , whose chief sponsor was U.S. Senator Charles Grassley R-Iowa.This bill allowed have adjudicated to have mental illness BE ALLOWED to get weapons much easier.  I got ill yesterday when Grassley made comments about the latest student massacre.\nIn the State of Florida, it is easier to get an AR-15 Rifle, then get a can of beer and to get a 9 mm handgun. The state laws are lax and need to tighten up.\nEvery time, these tragic events happen, the worthless platitudes by the politicians come out. Prayers are not enough was said in the Bible that the right wing like to quote. In the Letter of James says, an action is necessary along with prayer. An Action is necessary to keep firearms from people that have been adjudicated to be a danger to themselves and/or to others.\nMany politicians, from both sides of the aisle, are afraid of the big bad wolf, the National Rifle Association (NRA), who are getting large amounts of funding from arms manufacturers. The politicians running for reelection are deathly afraid of the NRA's PAC and their allies that would primary them particularly Republicans.\nWe need sensible gun legislation that uses the Brady Bill as a start.  We get limit these horrors and without any action,  we will continue to have innocents killed. MAR-2 war U.S. Army veteran in Iraq  -1991 & 2004-2005", "Yet another young man with a disproportionate rage at the world.\nWe cannot control everyone's behavior. But what we can control is the sale of guns. -- thegamesmenplay.com", "I would like to ask all those people clinging to their assault rifles something: Is whatever boogeyman you claim to be protecting us from worse than this bi-monthly culling of our children that American society has acquiesced to?\n\nIt's like we're living in some dystopian novel. ", "It's not a mental health issue anymore. Impose stricter guild-lines for those who wish to carry a firearm, and make sure that not just anyone can get one! ", "All schools should have a security foyer, the only way into a school. The outer door has a metal detector which will keep the inner doors locked when metal is detected. And a third door just in case someone can make it past the second door.\nGuns aren\u2019t going anywhere. We\u2019ve tried and will keep trying but in the meantime....Do something, something!\nI live in NYC and there are metal detectors at the school doors here. I guess in more rural places they feel safe? Guess again.", "It goes without saying that we need gun control, which most readers of this publication will agree on.  But more also does need to be done to treat and prevent mental illness.  Schools need to prioritize the emotional and socila development of at-risk children, especially boys. There are scant - if any - resources for young people and adults with mental illness and for their family.  And, steps can be taken that are not being taken, to prevent certain conditions.  The toxins that pervade our air, food, and water have a direct effect on fetuses, with a direct and proven link to autism, for example.  In susceptible individuals, marijuana has been linked with triggering schizophrenia.  And, many of these crimes are copycat crimes.  I'm not blaming the media, who are doing their job.  But unfortunately at the same time, every story of a shooting serves as an inspiration to some trouble persons.", "I see nothing here that suggests even remotely there was anything about the shooter's behavior that would have made people think of him as a likely school shooter.  There are lots of troubled kids.  Lots.  Very few of them commit mass shootings.  In fact, for all the tragedies involved in mass shootings -- we've had an average of 3 a year where 4 or more people are killed (excluding the shooter) from 1967-2017 and some of these are instances of domestic violence.  If you focus on large scale public shootings -- there have been 23 events where 10 or more people have been killed since 1949.   So trying to identify these mass shooters in advance is an impossible task as they are rare events.   We can develop profiles and red flags -- but the vast majority would be false positives -- and what would we do about all the people who fit the profile -- assuming there even is one.   \n\nWe can attempt to do a better job at background checks, but I'm not sure that passing a background check is a huge obstacle to one intent on killing.  We can outlaw semi-automatic rifles but then shooters would just load up on multiple weapons -- handguns.  As for a ban on all guns -- good luck with that.  I'm not against it, but it isn't going to happen and even if a law was passed how would we collect all the weapons?  \n\nIn the meantime, while we're waiting on better gun laws and ways to ID potential shooters, don't you think we should focus on what is doable -- i.e. hardening targets like schools?   ", "Neither the gun manufacturers of American nor the various retail outlets that sell them and their ammunition can declare with 100% certainty that the fatal potential of these weapons will be used only for the right, the just, the good.\n\nAbsent those assurances, manufacturers, retailers and gun owners must be required to buy insurance to cover the losses of life, limb, future earnings, etc. incurred by the victims of gun violence.\n\nEveryone who is an agent of firearm dispersal or firearm discharge needs to pay up. Whenever agents set in motion a chain of events they cannot control well into the future -- which would be as long as the firearm can function and the ammunition is viable -- needs to purchase insurance that will cover the losses set in motion by their creations.\n\nAnything else is being 100% irresponsible and 100% at odds with a free market.  \n\nWho is going to pony to support the families of the athletic director, the football coach and the science teacher killed in the recent slaughter?  \n\nI doubt their school district will have enough insurance to cover a lifetime of expenses incurred by their dependents.\n\nTeacher unions: Make insurance for death or injury caused by an intruder using firearms a contract issue and don't let your bosses talk you out of it.\n\nIf gun violence is as rare as pro-gun advocates claim it to be, the insurance costs will be minimal.\n\nLet's apply a capitalist model to mitigate the financial effects of these capital crimes.", "After one police visit, let alone dozens, wasn't it incumbent on them to start proceedings to seize the gun?  Such proceedings do exist. And what about the foster family?  I would think there is enough fault all around to say the system doesn't work and considering the overall risk benefit, with very few tangible benefits and intolerable risks, the scale tells us to ban all guns with no delay.", "I had a coworker who \"told\" everyone he has mental issues, and even went to HR to incriminate teammates because of his hallucinations, what did our HR do? NOTHING. They insisted unless a person \"confess\" to HR himself that he is mentally ill, by law they are not allow to advise this psycho to seek treatment, etc..  Gun laws aside, school administrators and HR have ZERO interests in fixing mental health either, they'll simply cite privacy laws and don't want to know, or even if they know, won't do anything.", "\"Last year, Mr. Goldfarb said, his son went on a three-day trip to a cabin in the Everglades with other young men, including Mr. Cruz. They were accompanied by a parent who owned the cabin.\nShooting weapons was a big part of the trip\u2019s allure. There were two AR-15s on the trip, and Mr. Cruz brought one of them.\"\nI don't recall ever going on a trip as a teenager in Europe to which anyone brought a gun, let alone accompanied by an adult who condoned and encouraged bringing and using AR-15s for good fun. Yet, this memory is presented in this account as if it were the most normal thing in the world. Poor U.S.  ", "If Sandy Hook did not modify our gun laws, especially on banning  ARs,  dont expect  change to come out of this tragedy either. \n\nGiven that, I think that all schools, all districts,  should now be installed with controlled entrances and metal detectors.  \n\nThe cost of such security measures  would not be as high as losing one more person, especially a child, to this senseless violence. ", "I honestly do not care about whether Mr. Cruz had problems or not.   We all face problems in our lives and most of us do not become murderers.  And anyone who does become a murderer is de facto unhinged.   The real issue to me is that we sell semi-automatic, military-style guns ( and the ammunition to fuel them ) to the general public.   These munitions are used to hunt only one thing - human beings.   If you want a gun for self-defense, get a gun, not an assault rifle.   ", "In the case of \"life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness\", it seems one child's \"liberty\" beats another child's \"life\" and \"pursuit of happiness.\" Not sure that's exactly how our forefathers saw it evolving. Rather, mutating. This is disgusting.", "Thinking of the movie Child of Rage, it sounds sort of like Nikolas Cruz might have attachment disorder. I wonder what his life was like before he was adopted. I would not be surprised if he was very mistreated in his first couple years of life and that permanently wrecked his development. It would explain his violent outbursts and autistic-like behavior. My mother worked with children with attachment disorder in a mental health hospital and said it's almost impossible to help them integrate into society. Their unit's funding was always getting cut, too.\n\nI'm not saying it excuses what Nikolas did, but really, it is what it is. My mother had a child patient that, as a toddler, was literally being sexually assaulted by his parent while he watched his infant brother get caught between a bed railing and strangle to death. She has worse stories than that. You bet the kid was very messed up. She had 5 year old patients talking about suicide. When these kids became teenagers they acted very much like it sounds like Nikolas Cruz did. My mother became very bitter with the job over the many years she worked there, at how little they could to to help these kids. When you mess them up early enough, there's no way to fix it.", "Ban Assault Rifles - gun enthusiasts, being entertained by shooting stuff up does not outweigh the damage these can do when used for horrific actions like Florida.\n\nBan Violent First Person Shooter Video games - parents, if you don't know what video games your kids are into, I suggest you take a look.\n\nJust taking these two actions would make a big difference now and for the next generation.", "How does a child who is not of age to buy a beer go into a gun shop and purchase an automatic weapon?  Is the NRA so powerful that the safety of the entire nation is held hostage to their profits?", "Yes, the killer was unfortunate, deeply disturbed, angry, seemingly violent and dangerous.  After-the-fact reasoning leads to unavoidable agonizing  about how we should have been able to stop this horrible tragedy.  \n\nBut each killer is unique - different life story, different genetics, different neurology, different influences, different profile, ...   \n\nWho can predict?\n\nThere is one thing we can predict with near certainty.  \n\nIt is the one thing the cowardly elephant denies.", "Here's the thing: every school has a Nikolas Cruz.  If you polled my graduating class and asked them \"who is most likely to shoot up the school?\" I guarantee they'd all name the same name.  But what are we supposed to about it?  We can't ban unhappy, socially awkward, bullied people.  You can't vaccinate against anger.  You CAN, however, ban guns.  It's pretty much impossible to kill 17 people with a knife.  ", "The rate and levels of mental illness in the US are not significantly different that those of other industrialized countries; yet the US alone has an on-going epidemic of massive gun violence, occasionally committed but people with demonstrable mental illness. \n\nThe difference between the US and everywhere else? Everywhere else there are significant controls over who can own a firearm and what they have to do to prove that they are both competent and safe to own and use a firearm, etc. Also, those other countries do not have the NRA.\n\nWant to keep your children safe? Either move to another country, or change how we regulate and oversee the ownership and use of firearms. And dump the NRA.", "The NRA used to be an organization that promoted the safe use of guns for hunting. After the Black Panthers, it became an organization that promoted the ownership of guns by white people in the guise of self-defense from black people. Now it promotes gun ownership -- any kind of gun -- and a culture of paranoia among gun owners so that the gun and ammunition industry can make billions. Nikolas Cruz was not a mentally ill young man who was ignored by his family and community. His mother, before she died, seems to have made every effort to help him. The schools and the police were aware and alert. We cannot expect gun stores to give a Rorschach test to every customer. But we can expect our politicians to pass laws that at the very least prevent easy access to semi-automatic guns. If we vote against any candidate who is backed by the NRA, change will happen. And it can't come too soon. ", "When we talk about gun laws, the 2nd Amendment in the Constitution, and the NRA, we can safely say that the  government is the problem. Most Republicans are bought by the gun lobby. To restate in other words, the GOP is the problem.", "A mental illness diagnosis is not filed or reported to the police or court system, just like your high blood pressure or asthma.\nSure mental illness is one common thread of gun violence, but could we say the same about the majority of perpetrators are male (mainly youngish) and white.", "Canada has the same fraction of crazy and mentally ill persons as the United States.  We have open wilderness with a gun culture for hunting wild animals for sport and pleasure.  The difference is in the fascination, accessibility, and second amendment rights to high-powered semi-automatic weapons such as the AR-15, which are specifically designed for slaughtering humans at concerts, schools and shopping malls.", "If the president thinks more guns are not the problem, why aren't they allowed  in halls of congress and the white house?", "\u201cRefused To Act\u201d\nThey\u2019re grabbing their backpacks\nThey\u2019re grabbing their phones\nEmbracing their life as a kid\n\nKissed their parents goodbye\nTexted emojis on the sly\nThe obituary will explain how they hid\n\nCross town is a guy\nAnd I\u2019m not gonna lie\nHe is odd and he spends time alone\n\nBut to school he embarks\nPacking heat, making sparks\nThe day will end with him not going home\n\nThe risk are the same\nAnd the consequences, insane\nA gut-wrenching, heart-breaking fact\n\nRinse, wash, repeated\nOf their lives they\u2019ve been cheated\nBecause our politicians have again refused to act", "This whole debate reminds me of a man who can't figure out why his foot hurts, all the while he is ignoring the elephant that is standing on it. It's guns. It's our unlimited unrestricted access to as many guns and as much ammunition as anybody could want. Mental illness, violent video games etc etc are merely deflections designed to divert attention from the elephant standing on our foot.", "It has been reported , including this paper,  that the NRA has established a dialogue with the Russian government. Putin envisions the NRA as its \"organized militia\" in the US.\n\nPutin isn't stopping with Trump.", "America is not the only country with mentally ill people, but it is the only country where mass murder is routine. The other countries have strict gun laws. That is the only difference. This is a simple fix, if and when we choose to want it.", "Enough with the mental health excuse.  Enough with the thoughts and prayers platitudes.  Surely there are enough American citizens who don't want everyone to own military style assault weapons.  We don't need bump stocks.  We don't need more dead children.  The entire country shouldn't be afraid to go to school, or a mall, a movie or a nightclub.  And yet we are.", "The focus on mental illness is offensive. Those peddling it know: 1. There is no way \"reporting\" it to the authorities (which authorities, by the way?) will necessarily result in treatment; 2. That such \"reporting\" will lead to cries of a witch-hunt mentality; 3. That it demonizes mental illness.\n\nFor example, I can think of someone who has shown all the signs of mental instability with a desire to engage in the slaughter of hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of people by talking up the possibility of a nuclear war with North Korea, or perhaps Iran, or, well, anyone. The signs are obvious, the red flags are there for all to see. But who do I report this person to?\n\nNo, the focus on mental illness is a pathetic blind, to divert attention from the obvious, that the accessibility of high-powered weaponry to anyone and everyone is currently regarded (by the vested interests that profit by the industry) as the sign of a \"free\" society rather that a major problem in a society with pretensions to called itself civilized. ", "Other countries have mental health issues, immigrants, etc.\n But only the US lets just about anyone buy a gun--and most particularly guns designed to kill lots of people quickly.  More deaths of American citizens caused by this unregulated flood of guns in our country than by any immigrant, legal or not, or by terrorists outside the US.  And yet the Republicans send useless \"prayers\" and continue to refuse to act on gun control.  Those deaths are on the GOP's bloodied hands, and no-one should let them forget that.\n\nI say this as a long-time hunter and gun-owner who is for sensible gun restrictions and am not and never will be a supporter of the NRA.", "          causing trouble as long as anyone here could remember\n\n      pictures of weapons and dead animals on social media\n   the disconnected shards of a difficult life\n               wished to be a professional school shooter\n\n      his childhood was certainly troubled\n                They ostracized him. He didn\u2019t have many friends\n          Every red flag was there and nobody did anything\n\n    In my days of youth--the 50's and 60's--this young man would have been detained, evaluated, and likely committed to a state mental institution.\n\nTimes have changed and the tolerance of aberant public behavior or rather the astronomical increase of these kinds of behaviors in public has numbed us to our civic responsibility to alert the authorities (now groaning under the weight of the enormous fallout from a sick society).\n\nI want no \"closure\" in sympathy with this young man, nor any reason to \"feel sorry\" for him.\n\nI do want that people like him find it impossible to purchase assault weapons. If that means banning them all bc not screening procedures would necessarily stop him. THEN BAN ALL ASSAULT WEAPONS. FORCE REGISTRY OF ALL CURRENTLY OWNED. AND STIFF JAIL TIME FOR VENDERS WHO BREAK OUR NEW LAWS.\n\nWe will always have crazy violent people but to enable them in any way to kill we can't.\n\nFIRST VOTE OUT GOP IN NOVEMBER. For the love of God, country, and our young people and all other innocent victims.\n\nGet your friends and family to the polls without fail.\n\nTruncate Trump.", "I think it is time for all of us, mass media included, to publicly accuse the National Rifle Association for what it really is, a lobbyist for gun manufacturers, and a witting abetter in the carnage that has become American society.\n\nThe NRA and its defenders, Congressmen included, need to be publicly shamed at every opportunity for the harm they do to our country.", "Don't blame this on Trump.  John McCain has been in the Senate for a lifetime and has accepted millions of dollars from the NRA.  What an enigma.  He travelled thousands of miles to fight for the country's freedom, and then came back to watch his people shoot each other in record numbers.  He didn't fight to stop that.  That's our memory of McCain.  Trump could do something, but his consistency on doing the opposite of the right thing is proven.  Trump is not an enigma.  He is who he has always been.  McCain has gotten a pass because of his service during the Vietnam war.  But why?  His actions or inactions for decades is partly responsible for hundreds of thousands of deaths.  Hard to be proud of that.  But he does have time to change his history....", "If he hadn\u2019t had a gun...\nIt is time for citizens to make common sense gun safety the make or break issue of their support for their elected officials at all levels. Confront and demand to know where each person seeking your vote stands and only accept as your candidate/representative one who commits to specific gun safety measures and to taking no money from the NRA. Then hold their feet to the fire loudly and publicly.", "We need progressive grading and licensing of guns. I believe the 2nd amendment gives the right to all (except the mentally ill) to buy a low power, low capacity gun, like a bolt action .22 rimfire or single shot 20 gauge. An elevated grade for more powerful but manually operated hunting rifles and shotguns with low capacity would require thorough background screening. And a top license requiring proven ability to use the weapon and periodic mental and criminal screening for powerful semi-auto high capacity handguns and rifles. Let's make this structured like progressive drivers licenses (learners permit up to a CDL for driving trucks).  ", "While obviously none of us know the extent of the red flags or the police visits to his home, or his school expulsion, etc., the unfortunate truth is that \"red flags\" don't form an obvious pattern until the horrible crime has already happened.\n\nThere are many others just like Nikolas who need serious help and don't need access to guns.  But wringing our hands about how we could have prevented something that no one actually knew was coming looks like the wrong approach.", "Doesn't citizen Google have a civic responsibility to report comments like the one made by \"nikolas cruz\" on Youtube to authorities? I do. If I could give a description of the person I overheard saying it, I would do that, too. Why can't Google get past this part of it's privacy policy when a possible threat to public safety is posted on any of its systems. They pulled it down, so they recognized some minimal public responsibility. Not enough. ", "Gov. Scott:  If you can somehow get an exemption on coastal drilling, you can certainly begin putting in place stronger gun acquisition laws ....", "Analyzing mental illness is not clean and easy in fact it is down right impossible to predict if one person raging and shouting violence would actually carry out violent acts. Our society pretends that mental illness does not exist nor could it happen in our family. NRA prevents data to be collected so the media or family members of these tragedies spend years sifting through papers to find the root causes if any can be found. What we can do is control the number of guns within our community and who can have one. We can place a ban for 25 years on the sale of guns for anyone under 25 and reassess at that time. During this time the mental healthcare community should receive funding to study humans who can perpetrate violent crimes. It is necessary as a society to accept that mental illness exists in order to form sensible laws on whether guns should be accessible so easily. If not, then our society has relinquished control of our young to those who make millions off the sale of guns and organizations like the NRA who sees 17 dead as a minor blimp on a screen compared to the billions they are making.", "The way to stop this is to ban assault weapons and their ammunition. Dr. Condo is correct in her assessment.", "I'm an advocate of stronger gun laws as it pertains to assault weapons, hi capacity magazines, lax parameters, etc. etc.... However the problem aren't guns. We have had just as may guns and gun owners in this country in the 50's and 60's - these tragic events never occurred! What has changed? Hollywood's love affair with the use of guns and ad posters for almost every film they make?\nIs it the pharmaceutical companies and doctor's over medicating? Video games? These are questions that need to be answered and corrected today!", "The crux of the matter is that there are millions of Americans who feel that their right to own an AR-15 is greater than the right of children to live.", "Gun owners - we are not trying to take away your guns. But first, you must consider the words of the 2nd Amendment. It DOES NOT give carte blanche rights to own \"arms\". If you are part of a \"well regulated militia\", state sponsored, then you may. Your state may have laws which give you the right, but the 2nd Amendment does not - regardless of what the Supreme Court has said. \n\nSecondly, if you wish to own weapons which can operate as auto/semi-auto weapons, join a gun club which will allow you to use them and store them within a regulated environment. \n\nThirdly, your choice. If you want to look in the eyes of those Florida parents who have lost their children and tell them that their childrens' deaths mean nothing to you when it comes to weapon ownership, please do it. \n\nFinally, your choice. As an act of taking some responsibility for the gun violence in this country (non-gun owners can't be blamed for this situation), turn in your semi-/auto weapons to your local police station as an act of sympathy and solidarity with those Florida parents and HS students. Sure, you lose a few buck's investment. But there would be no better way to tell those Florida parents and students that you are with them in their grief all the way. They will never forget your kindness. You'll be on their \"hero\" list forever. ", "40% of American children are on Medicaid. Humans are like all other living animals. Most American parents would not qualify for a pet from the local animal shelter.", "These gun massacres keep happening. There is psychological profiling of the shooter in this last instance.  One might expect that there be psychological profiling of the enablers, beginning with the Senators and Representatives and a President whose first act in a new Congress was to pass and sign a law making it easier for mentally disturbed people to buy a gun.  Are they bullies with prejudices against others, such as people of another race, where they feel they are allowed to act out these prejudices under the guise of legislation? (and we are seeing that again in their extreme prejudice towards the DACA children)  Recall also that formerly in the U.S. lynching was acceptable.\n\nSo give us the profiles of the Grassleys and Trumps and their colleagues--all of them.  Were they also autistic kids who performed bad acts to draw the attention of their parents?  Or is it they sold their souls for the campaign contributions of those trying to sell guns--what is pure evil here is that they are enabling these mass shootings to continue.  Recall here also that we had a VP who shot a friend in the face with a shotgun while shooting caged animals--cruelty without even gun safety laws.\n\nDoes the NRA do psychological profiling of those politicians they contribute to, perhaps looking for evidence of highly prejudiced psychological bullying in their past?  Our lax gun purchase/possession laws enable these mass shootings as well as the more than 30,000 gun deaths in the U.S. every year.   ", "I understand why people are upset about the lack of gun control and how politicized an issue this is.  But an equally important story here is how in the world the FBI could have missed this bright red flag.  They had his real name for goodness sake!  To say they couldn't find a person in a neighboring state whose name had been provided to them on a silver platter is just incomprehensible.  How many people named \"nikolas cruz\" own an AR-15 and have a troubled past?  Just patehtic.", "This bears repeating:\n\nEVERY GUN in OUR United States of America must be REGISTERED on a national database, state LICENSED and fully INSURED for liability.\n\nJust like cars.\n\nWE THE PEOPLE must not let the gun lobby and their paid operatives in OUR governments to try to discuss \"mental illness\" or law enforcement/FBI responsibility.\n\nGET GUNS OFF THE STREETS OF AMERICA.\n\nGuns are the problem. Nothing else.", "Ban weapons of war in our communities. We need affordable healthcare with mental health for all but if you take the gun out of the equation on all of these situations they wouldn't be as voilent on our kids", "If we're going to focus on \"red flags,\" look at the NRA's Instagram account.  There are posts on it that, if posted by an individual, Trump and Republican politicians would be telling us were red flags that went unheeded.  The hypocrisy is infuriating. ", "Selling guns to a person with mental health issues ? Selling guns to substance abusers and alcoholics ? Selling guns to potential domestic abusers ? Selling guns to children ? There is no way a person selling a gun to someone can determine the psychological and behavioral states of the buyer just by a short exchange of cash and product . It\u2019s too late now . Isn\u2019t this terrorism in it\u2019s purest form ? ", "Today the tech giants track every person's every activity online and can predict what junk someone wants to buy before they buy it. Why can't an algorithm be developed to predict a shooter? A combination of age, owning guns, social connectedness, violent posts (desire to be a \"professional school shooter\" might be a giveaway), association with violent groups and school status easily raise flags. There are lots of historical data points to use to create an algorithm. This shouldn't be a problem where people are kicked off airplanes for simply speaking Arabic.", "What the gun advocates won't admit is, the biggest warning sign of a armed  rampage is the stockpile of arms.   Lots of arms is an indicator because it is a precondition; lots of shooting requires lots of guns.  \n\nWhat the Trump advocates won't admit is, the second biggest warning is belonging to a group that engages in regular paramilitary training and making dark warnings of violence, like white supremacist groups and the people who think guns are for resisting the government.  \n\nAnd because such people are in control of our federal government and most of the press, we are all left wondering how to deal with the clues that are left....scouring YouTube and wondering if the shooter had enough friends.   We've blinded ourselves to the obvious and pretend to be doing something? ", "I wonder if the conversation would change if the media were able to publish actual photos of children's bodies blown apart, dead children with bleeding bullet holes? I have no wish to see such things, and I'll bet nor do most people, but this is what we're talking about: children with fatal bullet holes bleeding to death on the linoleum hallways of their schools. Would that wake people up? What is it going to take? Our lawmakers are all so numb, we need a different strategy...", "Oh- Where does the NRA get it's money?  That's right from Americans who love the gun culture and the ability to 'kill in defense...of something'.  The collective rights of all of us have been squandered by the few.  I'm a former NYC educator and we never had the violence that is commonplace today.  Kids brought pocket knives but I had connection to students and they trusted adults and didn't want to become 'trouble'.  Kids always look to grown-ups to keep them inside the good way to behave.  Where are those adults today?  Not in Congress nor in any other group that touts 'my rights' over others.   The killing will continue.  I have a passport.   Hello Norway!", "Nobody who knew this man and his history thought his gun ownership might be a problem or at least worthy of attention from law enforcement?  The FBI couldn\u2019t find him?  How many red flags does there need to be?  Oh, I know, let\u2019s have some more \u201csensible\u201d gun laws instead, that way we can all feel as if we did something.  Protecting ourselves from these monsters is hard, complicated and dangerous work and won\u2019t be as easily done as so many suppose.", "If the kid was showing all of the warning signs, repeatedly, why didn't anyone do anything before he shot up the school?\nReally.  Ask that, and wait for an answer.\n\nI think it was because they just didn't care.  ", "Yet again I see little if any coverage that holistically assesses the true, total damage to society by such violence. As tragic as the lives of the children who were killed is that is not the extent of the damage. Consider also the trauma those who survived will endure. There are some who will have lifelong PTSD. Some may never be able to work or maintain fulfilling long-term relationships due to their trauma. And consider the first responders and all others who have been vicariously traumatized. Then consider law abiding Americans who will feel well justified rage by our amoral President who will no doubt be focused on his appearance in Florida as another chance to look Presidential and garner ratings. It is a wonder we are not all medicated to cope with life in this supposed great nation where having a gun is more important than the lives of children.\n\nEvery time innocent children are murdered America loses. I should know. I survived domestic violence and gun violence as a kid. Nobody was there to help me. \n\nAmerica is a joke before the world.", "If we knew so much about this Mr. Cruz, and were observing him etc. why was nothing done about him. This seems like a failure of authorities to take him into custody for mental exams etc. We seem to know he was a threat - why was nothing done about it. ", "First, it should be absolutely illegal for any civilian to own an assault rifle.\nSecond, during elections, require every candidate for every office to disclose the names corporate or otherwise) on published ads on any medium - oral, printed, televised - any donor of &gt; 100,000.  For me, anyone backed by the NRA will not get my vote.", "We are well past the point that the NRA and its supporters can call demands for reasonable gun control restrictions a \"knee jerk reaction\" or \"hysterical\", as they have in the aftermath of past mass shootings. ", "I'm a hunter and I see no need for AR-15 type weapons, because that is what they are, weapons that are designed to kill people. Let's get a little sense and fight the NRA as a bloc of concerned citizens, writing and calling out our representatives and senators.  I don't belong to the NRA simply because of their inflexible ideology and refusal to accept some controlling measures. And while we're at it, ban bump stocks for these guns.", "The second amendment was made for its time, not the 21 century.", "There are sad, disruptive children all over this country. Some are on the autism spectrum, some have learning disorders, and some have lost their parents. Some steal. Many cannot make friends. Their lives are hard and lonely. \n\nYet they don't commit massacres. Why is one thing not like the other things?  Because of a gun. All of the rationalizations can't change that.  ", "the \"mental health\" issue to be considered is just how nuts segments of our society &  Congress have to be to NOT control weapons - particularly high kill rate weapons - after so many mass shootings.", "Mental illness has gone from being a legitimate concern to a lame scapegoat. The overwhelming majority of shooters, whether they're former students like this guy or terrorists or gang members, show no signs of mental illness. This has been debunked over and over again. The problem is that guns can be purchased with ease, and are not nearly as regulated as they should be.\n\nAlcohol = Regulated\nCigarettes = Regulated\nPrescription drugs = Regulated\nAutomobiles = Regulated\nMarijuana = Starting to become regulated\nSugar, fats = Starting to become regulated\n\nIt's ridiculous. Automobile deaths have dropped by over 90% since the 1920s, not because we banned owning a car, but because we introduced common sense safety regulations. Why not do the same with guns?", "I'm sure that Florida, which allows a 19 year old to buy this weapon legally, has funded a tip top system to help the mentally ill. Of course not, that's one of those social service programs we don't fund because we want to give tax cuts to rich people. The Republicans always have their red herrings, and mental illness is just the latest one. Unless a person is committed, and that's a pretty high bar, nobody will ever find out about mental illness issues because of privacy rights in medical records. So Pam Bondi's solution is for Florida to pay for funerals. Beyond cynical. Never vote for anybody who would take one dollar from the NRA.", "As an African American who has grown up in urban, impoverished areas, I know that buying a gun is the easiest thing a person can do. I can take $30 dollars and purchase a gun in the streets. Guns are very easy to purchase without background checks. America is flooded with guns. Simply flooded. ", "Trump's condolences and appearance of compassion ring false in light of his budget's slashing of mental health funding and boosting of military spending.  ", "Stephen Paddock in Las Vegas did much more damage than this kid did and amassed his arsenal without raising any red flags or showing any overt signs of mental illness. For every case like this one where there were red flags, there are others where there weren't. Maybe a heightened focus on mental illness will prevent something, but it won't miraculously stop any of this. It remains to be seen how long our politicians can get away with ignoring the real issue. How high will the body count have to get? The victims are just as dead whether the shooter was mentally ill or not. ", "Every individual has their own mental makeup. It may break. It may hold. Given the circumstance, the most law abiding citizen could be desperate enough to use whatever accessible means to defend their priority. By following the logic of \"tools do no evil\", we are being woefully acquiescent with the capacity of evil everyone has. Say, if knives and guns are really no different, are nukes that different? No \"normal\" individual would ever unleash nukes, but obviously no legislature will ever pass that would allow civilian access to nuclear weapons. Why? Tools do no evil, sure, but different tools have different capacity to carry out evil intent. If we pretend that gun, being a very capable tool, holds no relevance in the magnitude of the shooting culture in the US, we are simply being unreasonable and acquiescent.", "I am a teacher who works with a vulnerable population (college students who must remediate before being allowed to return to their respective programs); I shouldn\u2019t have to worry that some disgruntled student will walk into my office or classroom and blow everyone away. I am a mother; I shouldn\u2019t have to worry that when I drop my daughter off in the morning, it may be the last time I see her. I am a movie-goer; I shouldn\u2019t have to worry that the next time I choose to go see a movie in the theater, someone will walk in with an assault rifle and open fire. I am a concert-goer. I shouldn\u2019t have to worry that the next time I go see a live show, some crazed nut will walk in and start shooting up the place. I am not unique. I am like MILLIONS of other Americans who are sick and tired of going about their daily lives in fear of becoming the next victim of gun violence. I am sick and tired of being held hostage by a Congress bought and paid for by the NRA who refuse to do anything to stop this madness. Enough is enough. I don\u2019t want your phony thoughts and prayers. I want action.", "Something absolute about my own sense of belonging to a morally bankrupt society and system washed over me when Sandy Hook happened.  All I remember is taking down my Christmas tree, dressing in black for over three months, and falling into a sense of profound depression, and experiencing a total loss of faith in the common decency of those whose blood soaked hands that the people have elected and who hold all the power in the gun game that has become yet one more global aberration that singles out the United States as dangerously off keel, a society in moral and legal free fall, where only the coercion of the almighty dollar is of any value.  \n\nBut outrage is a banal commodity in our present state of unyielding corruption and the heartless, soulless, merciless, mercenary members of congress who have so consistently allowed the NRA to line their political coffers and control their votes over the shepherding of their constituents.  \n\nI've been wearing a lot of black again in America lately.   I hold precious little hope nor faith that the mendacious and sold out will do anything beyond offer us their deepest \"prayers and condolences\" lip service in place of real change in the law, with the sacred right to life, being our elemental condition as citizens of this country.  Or so it should be.  \n\nWe no longer have any right to call ourselves a civilized people here any more when two of the five historically worst mass shootings in the U.S. took place in the last thirty-five days. ", "It is not about the mental health of this killer or all of the others.  It is about the mental health of all the Americans who use the 2nd Amendment as an excuse for the ownership of weapons that no one should be allowed to purchase.", "I just found that press conference with the Florida governor and the police chief sickening. They are throwing this horrible act on mental illness. It comes back to the easy access to these assault weapons. Stephen Paddock, the Las Vegas shooter, had no record of mental illness. In fact, there is no motive. Or should I say, the motive was the easy access to assault weapons. At that Florida press conference, the state of Florida was offering to finance the funeral expenses. Is that the Band-Aid to this horrible act? In Australia, after 35 people were killed in Tasmania by a shooter, the country established the banning of automatic and semiautomatic firearms.  I haven't heard of any mass shootings since then. We have to revisit what \"a well regulated Militia\" means in the Second Amendment. ", "Most discussions of school violence focus on gun control as the ultimate solution. And that would indeed be a good thing. But it wouldn't solve the problem of boys who feel so troubled and so abandoned that they resort violence. But, as Trump points out--never mind his political opportunism--mental health problems are why boys use guns in the first place. A mother in Florida said that Nikolas Cruz is \"evil, pure evil.\" If a girl had done the same thing, many would immediately demand drives to provide all girls with emotional support, psychological counselling and legal mechanisms that would make them immune to prosecution. They would decry \"patriarchal\" conditions that \"force\" girls into problematic behavior. When girls do bad things, it's either in self-defense or because of culturally established misogyny; when boys do so, it's because they're boys. The double standard should be (but isn't) clear to everyone. \n\nBut this problem goes way beyond Cruz. Time is up for those who believe that all or most boys feel \"entitled to privilege,\" which means that they need to feel collective guilt instead, that they deserve collective denunciation, not concern for their own sake (let alone that of society). Apart from anything else, I suggest, society should acknowledge that there are very few sources (perhaps no source at all) of a healthy collective identity for men and that this inevitably generates rage.", "Sounds like we need to police social media more and  take these things more serious when people post these telltale signs .  Surprised the FBI could not track to source of the person. ", "We need not concern purselves that Congress will take any action after the Florida shooting.  The priority of many of Representatives and Senators is to be recipient of campaign funds from the NRA and gun and ammunition manufacturers.", "People need to stop feeling bad about mass shootings and expressing sorrow for the victims and their families, and accept that this is just the way things are in America.  Who among us  does not know that the politicians who make our laws are bought and paid for by those who have the money to do so?  GET OVER IT, AMERICA!  Our rules expressly provide that the interests of groups such as the NRA, big Pharma, big Food, etc. will take precedence over the welfare of our citizens.  This is the way our system works (and has always worked).  Hey, this is the country that elected Trump and put the Republicans in charge of  government.  We have already made our statements to the victims of gun violence and the many more thousands of victims of unsafe food and drugs by the way that we voted.  To say anything else at this point would be completely disingenuous.", "The subject showed every red flag yet no one stopped him. I'm late to this thread, has this already been said: if the red flags didn't work then red flags don't work. Then mental health isn't an issue, then community profiling doesn't work, it's the weapon. It's the weapon, the weapon, the weapon.\n\nBan the gun.", "How can a 19 year old, with a job at the Dollar Store and no parents, afford an AR-15?  And all those other guns?\n\nAre they that cheap?  Can kids get a part-time summer job and buy weapons of mass death?\n\nSince the responsible gun owners refuse any kind of reform maybe we should add a mass death tax on every gun sale- make them very, very expensive.", "Trump and and his party made it a legislative priority early in his term to roll back an Obama directive that would have made it harder for mentally ill people to buy guns.  Trump has also proposed large cuts to our already-inadequate mental health programs.  The NRA is allowed to critique and bat away \u201cflawed\u201d proposals (all proposals) to contain the carnage, as if they are in charge (they are, so it\u2019s not misleading). Why can\u2019t the hunters and self-defense gun owners get together with the rest of us so we can ban automatic and semi-automatic weapons, and any conversion kits? Don\u2019t they love their children too?", "Apparently, we have to put guns to the heads of our state and federal legislators before they get the message that enough is enough. Way more than enough. Let\u2019s try it. And yes, it\u2019s come to that. ", "If money is the hold that the NRA has over individual politicians, would it be possible to form a citizen's group that could collect money from citizens and outbid the NRA?  Of course, it would be dangerous for anyone trying to organize this.", "Why is no one talking about the bill the republicans are trying and will pass that states that every one should be able to carry a gun into to every state even those states that have tough restriction and /or do not have open carry laws. It just keeps getting worse and worse with these sorry Republicans.", "Each time I EXIT Airport Security I feel a little chill of apprehension : \u201cNow I\u2019m back in the free-fire zone where anything can happen, anywhere, anytime\u201d.  Are we going to make illegal the ownership of weapons made to kill people, or are we going to install security gates at the entrance to every school, every church, every shopping mall, every concert, every civic gathering ?  If so why are we spending billions and billions abroad every year to protect such a way of life ? One doesn\u2019t need to even look up the statistics to know that one is many times more likely to be harmed or killed going about one\u2019s ordinary life by a fellow American with a gun than by a foreign terrorist. It is time to Make America Safe Again. Greatness might come later.", "Republicans keep saying this is a mental health issue, not a gun issue. So, if Nikolas Cruz has mental health problems, then legally speaking he shouldn't be going to jail for his crime. If he is convicted to go to jail, then it automatically becomes a Gun issue. ", "Yes, this is a mental health issue.\nIt is a cultural health issue as well.\n\nNamely, the mental illness and cultural depravity and cowardice of any congressperson or president, current or former, enabling this slaughter to continue, year after horrific year.\n\nThis may be a cliche, but it applies: The blood of children is absolutely on their hands.\nWhat do we, the electorate, plan to do about it?", "The blame is to a) Hollywood and its bloody violence, where firearms play oh-so-engaging \"creative action\" rule along with river of blood 2) The same about TV production 3) The same about video games 4) All this supplemented by hourd of free, local and national TV broadcast with\"hard working\" reporters and talking heads inevitably speculating about \"motives\".\n\nCopycat phenomena + media desperate hunger for getting eyeballs to survive in increasingly brutal media fight for survival and advertising revenues are, after the foundation for \"action\" was for years, since these perpetrators' childhood cultivated by the mentioned Hollywood/TV/video games industrial complex \"finishing off\" the process.\n\nWhile Hollywood moguls etc. are still telling us that their violent production is not an \"inspiration\" to these criminals, copycat is rear and mortally dangerous. Look at islamic terrorists: One uses a car to kill people .... then others are \"inspired\" and follow such example.", "One might be able to suggest mental illness as the underpinning of THIS event, but what about the Las Vegas shooter?  Everyone says he was \"normal\".  What about the HUNDREDS of other mass shootings in the past year?  DON'T FALL FOR THIS DIVERSION! \n\nHow about if it were simply not possible to buy a weapon of mass destruction of human life? ", "Gun control? I think the genie is out of the bottle and it's not going back anytime soon. The right to self-defense including armed self-defense is clearly bedrock. As someone who was shot in an attempted holdup I can personally attest to that. The AR-15? What does that have to do with self-defense? Short of civil war or the equivalent - not much. The idea of hunting anything other than people with an AR-15 is absurd. \n\nIf you are talking home defense a shot gun or even a pistol is much more effective so that argument is bogus. There are now millions of AR-15 and AK-47 style rifles in the population so good luck with withdrawing that dimension of the mass shootings problem.\n\nMental health? Mental health begins 99% of the time with social conditions and as long as we remain in a society that is cutting, not expanding, resources to address career training and jobs, poverty, education, housing, health care, etc. you are not talking about anything more than feel good bandages and window dressing. \n\nTalk about fake news? How about fake discussions, fake policies, fake politicians, and fake sentiments. The American people have a corrupt and incompetent government they definitely do not deserve. And that includes the current administration in spades.\n\nThe time to feel sorry is not after an innocent has been senselessly murdered but before. Get real people.", "If gun owners were required to carry liability insurance for their guns, much of the danger would be eliminated.  Who would provide insurance for an AR-15 for a 19 year old with mental problems? ", "There is a way to stop this type of violence without banning assault rifles.\nFirst of all, no one in this country can tell me they went through grade school/high school without being bullied or at least witnessed a classmate being bullied.\nThe fact is, school age children are the meanest creatures on the planet when comes to social interaction with their piers. In order to better understand, we need to look at the animal world.\nMuch like a pack of timber wolves, when wolf pups are born and enter into pack, they need to establish their ranking in that pack by fighting. Our school children are no different with the exception that humans have feelings, don't soon forget, and unfortunately some hold a grudge for a long time.\nAwareness is the answer.\nMake it mandatory that all students take an anti-bullying class every year. Not only to deter the student that may become the bully but more importantly the students that stand by and watch or even worse, stand by and laugh.\nMake those \"stand by\" students realize that allowing the humiliation of someone in front of their classmates could lead to the end of their lives. Teach them to speak up and report bullying instead of doing nothing. Teach them that just standing by and laughing will make them look as mean as the bully in the eyes of the abused student and is why an entire school becomes a target.\nMake them realize that even making plans for a school shooting will result in attempted murder charges.", "Interesting how someone cannot buy alcohol, but can buy a semi-automatic assault rifle. Reminds me of those days when people could not legally vote, but could legally and actively be sent to kill people with fully automatic assault rifles. All of this shows a sick society. A society grounded in security the interests of a few (the capitalist class) before the masses. Profiteers before the people. About gun control, there are those who say gun laws won't stop someone bent on acquiring a gun and using it. Ergo: gun laws don't work so why work to strengthen them. These voices fail to extend that logic to tax laws and almost any other law on the books, including traffic laws. If anyone believes tax laws stop tax cheats or traffic laws stop speeders they're either naive or disingenuous. And yet this country vigorously enforces--and tightens--both--and other laws broken daily for centuries! The question pivots on the fact that laws that bring in revenue (taxes, traffic, etc) are laws that escape the logic of the \"won't work\" crowd. There is an economy at work here--and a political economy that keeps structures in place. Sadly.", "Blaiming the creeniong processes or the mental health system is a red herring, a distraction from the real causes and issues.   We won't cure mental illness and we don't want to pay for it.   Mr. Cruz would have only qualified for Medicaid or ACA and we know where the Country seems to stand with that.   Blaming others for failing to recognise and deal with the young man's issues is ridiculous.   I recall how difficult it was to get my elderly mother to stop driving.   We do not have the expertise or mechanisms in place for the FBI to keep track of all of us (thank goodness).", "Perhaps we need to establish the \"Mental Health\" police to seek out deranged people like Cruz.  Bottom line, we have had mass killings with 9mm handguns so banning assault rifles isn't the answer.  Until we reinforce background checks on all gun buyers and stop gun show sales, etc. we will continue to have mass shootings.  The NRA should be charged with every gun-related death that is enabled by their buying politicians and blocking sane gun legislation.", "This assault weapon was legally purchased from a gun shop. Aren't there records of his name and registration for that AR-15?? I do not understand why the FBI would not have been able to track him down if he had purchased the weapon before making the YouTube post. He used the exact spelling of his name on the post. How many people with that name purchased a weapon, particularly an AR-15 that is used in mass murders, in the previous 24 months? Did the FBI check that? I can certainly understand the difficulty identifying him if he bought the AR-15 after making the post.\n\nNo one should be allowed to purchase a lethal weapon without confirmation that their name and registration was added to a national database.\n\nThere are more holes and missed opportunities here than just in the shooter's life. It seems we have a gun registry that is next to useless because of so many omissions and loopholes.  Florida allows 18 yr olds to buy assault weapons with no waiting period. The president rescinded regulations preventing those with various mental illnesses from buying guns. We have a culture promoted by the NRA and gun manufacturers that values profits and the proliferation of combat-style weapons over people's lives.\n\nIf we are not going to change the laws, every citizen who supports the NRA and those politicians who do nothing should be honest with themselves. They think the murder of children is an acceptable price to pay so they can have unfettered access to guns. ", "A detailed analysis of the facts of every mass shooting since WW2 will almost certainly reveal conspicuous and distinctive patterns to guide intelligent gun safety planning and the adoption of legislation designed to save lives. Why have the GOP prevented groups like the NIH from doing this vital work?", "Not all is tragedy.\n\nWinners include Donald Trump who took more than $30 million in NRA contributions in the 2016 campaign, Marco Rubio, who has taken more than $3 million from the NRA over the years, and many other politicians -- a lot more than 30 pieces of silver.", "Every red flag?  The key flag is that military weapons are available for sale to civilians.", "Every red flag. Easily got an arsenal legally.\n\nThe problem is glaringly obvious.", "Apart from the easy availability of guns, school  shootings and mass murders  have one common denominator that is always ignored by the press: SSRI antidepressant drugs. The FDA gives these drugs a \"black box\" warning- increased risk of suicidal thinking and behavior, aggression and homicidal ideation, among many others.  A quick internet search of this topic  shows that the perpetrators of these acts were either on or recently  getting off these drugs. According to his aunt, N. Cruz was on these meds.  ", "Everyone of these killers experiences, prior to their outburst, a moment of realization and acceptance. That is, they realize and accept that they are going to \"do it.\" It festers for a long time, but then something tips them over. And that's when they start accumulating the weapons. If there were a way of tracking that pattern -- like a gun registry or something like VINs on vehicles, then there might be a way of predicting where one of these men is about to explode. And I realize that many people are \"injured\" but I think it would be more accurate reporting to state how many people were actually shot rather than killed/injured. I don't know how many people the Las Vegas person shot, but it had to have been far more than he killed. And if you think about the fact that he could shoot upwards of 400 people in a few minutes, the scope of what's happening would be more accurate. ", "Well here we go again. Another unthinkable tragedy that will somehow \u201cbring us together as a nation in this time of grief.\u201d We can try to sugarcoat this any way we want, but the fact is this was just a terrible event that could have been easily avoided through the use of stricter gun legislation. You can go on and on about Cruz\u2019s mental health issue and the fact that he showed signs for a very long time, but looking at it simply this was a 19 year old that was LEGALLY allowed to buy an assault rifle. The kid can\u2019t even enjoy a beer with his old man and yet he can takes steps to purchase a weapon capable of mass murder even with his long history of mental health issues. While these events might temporarily bring us together as a people, It is already clear that we will forget about this very soon. Just look at the Las Vegas shooting, or the Pulse Nightclub shooting: No one remembers these events and no one ever will unless we take action in government. Congress needs to stand up to the NRA and prevent a psychotic 19 year old from being able to buy a gun. It just makes too much sense.", "It doesn't matter that the gunman has supposedly confessed. There are plenty of eyewitnesses to his actions. No doubt a sweep of his home, recent purchases and computer activity will be more than enough to secure a conviction. \n\nNow the Monday-morning quarterbacking can begin. \"Mr. Cruz had no criminal history before the shootings, according to state law enforcement records. But his childhood was certainly troubled.\"\n\n\"Troubled childhood\" could include such diverse figures as Winston Churchill and Jack London. Neither resorted to shooting schoolchildren.\n\nAnd there's the issue- most people who have \"troubled childhoods,\" or even diagnosed mental illness, are neither prone to violence nor otherwise the proper subject of law enforcement scrutiny.\n\nNow just suppose that the most lethal weapon this shooter could lay his hands on was a 5-shot rifle which required constant reloading. Would he have accepted the calculus of risk which would made him vulnerable to being disarmed every few seconds, and just stayed home? Would any of the recent mass shooters?\n\nThere's a reason no one chooses a bolt-action rifle or 6-shot revolver to commit mass murder. Is it possible the answer (or at least part of it) is sitting in plain sight, right under our noses?\n\nDarn right it is. Anyone who claims otherwise is a fool, or a bought-and-paid-for liar. Or, in the case of Trump, both.", "Virtually all of these school shooters were on poorly administered doses of antidepressants.  Which in itself, is not their fault.  Obviously we shouldn't give insane people access to guns, but when we ask what kind of person would do this, the answer really is, nobody would do this; it is a side effect of poorly monitored medications prescribed by a doctor.  See if I am right.  Sandy Hook, Columbine, the Joker killer, Virginia Tech shooter, this.  I didn't make this up; it is freely available information.  The unique factor here was not guns; it was a unique derangement precipitated by drugs, creating, or potentiating, homicidal thoughts.  These sorts of killings will continue, with, or without guns.", "This is not about mental health or even guns, per se, it is about a specific type of gun; the AR-15.  A military weapon loaded designed so that 1 bullet equals 1 kill.  They had been banned, but the ban ended during the Bush Administration and was never renewed by our bought and sold Congress.  I wonder if there is a correlation between the ban/no ban and mass killings?\nOne guy brings a shoe bomb on a plane and we turn air travel upside down, while mass killings become almost routine and no action is taken, what a country!", "My mother was born on a farm in rural Iowa in 1918. Her father kept a loaded shotgun on the front porch of their unlocked house- no one locked their houses- so he could grab it easily if a fox got into the hen house. To her knowledge, no person in Buena Vista County was murdered with a firearm until at least the 1960s. Obviously, it is a completely different world that we live in now. Leaving a loaded shotgun on the porch is not only illegal but it would be crazy to do so. So we don't leave the shotgun on the porch (although many guns are easily accessible in many homes), but we allow people- even minors and even those on terrorist watch lists- to buy them, legally or illegally, because this is their right under the Second Amendment? Uh, no. They are NOT keeping firearms as part of a well-regulated militia. We can no longer live in a world where the Second Amendment is used as justification for allowing anyone with homicidal tendencies to get a gun. And no one outside of military and law enforcement personnel needs to have an automatic weapon. You don't hunt deer with an AR-15. You only use them to kill people. Let's stop gun deaths in our homes, our schools, our churches, our communities. How many more people have to die because the NRA pretends it is still 1918, not 2018? And how many gutless, amoral politicians will continue to go to the NRA trough despite the never-ending carnage?", "There are commenters that say middle schoolers and high schoolers who exhibit anti-social behavior should be red-flagged.\n\nOn the surface, most would say \"OK\". \n\nBut then remember, these kids also belong to parents who scream, rant, and cause scenes at these kids' Little League coaches, and scream at teachers and principals when their kids are called out for being unruly. Or if their kids get a C instead of an automatic A+, the helicopter parents swoop in and demand the teacher be fired. \n\nHow many times have we seen on TV news vicious fights occurring on school busses on the bus cameras? Then parents of those same kids in the fights DENYING  it was their own kid on camera? \n\nThat being said, there are kids who are true sociopaths and headed for a life of crime. Teachers, principals, and the other kids know who they are.\n\nAn FBI that ignores these reports doesn't help. ", "Acting as though mental illness is the problem is just plain immoral. Every country has some children with such problems; not every country has epidemic mass shootings. It's utterly horrendous that we don't have better social supports for a mentally unstable teenager who is orphaned, but that's not the real issue, either. The problem is too many guns. We need to take a page from Australia's book and organize a giant national gun buy-back program, because ANY reduction in the number of weapons loose in our society would be helpful. And we need much smarter gun control laws.", "The issue isn't that the shooter \"showed every red flag.\"  Society will always contain such individuals.  The issue is that he had easy access to weapons of mass destruction.  Focusing in on the individual perpetrator, his history, mental status, wrong turns, missed signals puts the emphasis in the wrong area.  It's about access to military grade weapons of mass murder and nothing else.", "Ralph Nader took on GM (Chevrolet) via \"Unsafe At Any Speed --Chevrolet Corvair-- and won.  A product that was killing and injuring people was removed from the marketplace.\n\nThe question is: why is our Ralph Nader today and in these past years to take on the AR 15.  Why is it not removed from manufacture and from the marketplace?  If only the military and Law Enforcement need M16s and heavy duty industrial strength weapons, then why are \"lighter-weight\" guns such as the AR15 even allowed to be made in America or elsewhere?  Why are they allowed to be imported, brought into the country legally or otherwise? The AR15 cannot even be considered a \"sporting gun\" or \"sporting rifle.\"  Any hunted creature has no sporting chance against it.\n\nI will admit that I don't know who makes these AR15s, but in America they should be prohibited and banned from doing so and their factories and assembly lines shut, melted down, destroyed and demolished.  Where is Ralph or someone like him when we need him!?    ", "Please stop it with the \"repeal\" comments.  Look up how difficult it is to repeal or add a constitutional amendment.  Magazine limits, licensing, wait periods, background checks, etc are all much more reasonable (and still near impossible to pass!).\nThere are many Democrats, including Bernie Sanders and people in Minnesota who support guns so don't blame \"the GOP\" all the time.\nHow do you \"ban high powered assault rifles?\"  - write the law for me so I can see it (and get around it).  ", "To focus only on mental health or to suggest the schools should be \"like gated communities\" (by the way, we shouldn't NEED gated communities) as the total solutions is naive and unproductive and just excuses. I would like to see Mr. Ryan and the NRA actually back a proposal that anyone showing a \"red flag\" should be unable to buy or possess guns and explain how they would accomplish such a thing. And please explain away, if you will, the correlation of the number of guns in our country with the number of mass shootings compared to other countries--it must be that we are 10 times as mentally ill as the rest of the world . . .", "Dear Floridians, our fellow Americans, our hearts weep for you.  But there is only so much the rest of us can do to keep this from happening again in your state.  The laws of Florida, passed by men you elected, have made it ludicrously easy for anyone to obtain and own a weapon of war.  This man could have owned a thousand of these guns and he would not give law enforcement any right to detain him.  You have the power to change the laws within your own state.  Find out who is responsible and take their jobs.  Start with Rick Scott.", "At no point in this article is there mention of Mr. Cruz having received any mental health services. His history of serious acting-out behaviors was known to the school. Was he ever referred to the child study team?. For this already troubled, psychologically fragile young man, the death of his parents and expulsion from school were double major loses. This made him ripe for total loss of self-control. The school's apparent neglect of his serious acting-out behaviors and easy access to guns have resulted in this horrible tragedy. Unfortunately, we have now established a tradition of school-based violence that will continue due unrestricted gun use. ", "This article reports that the confessed shooter had a brother who had been adopted with him. Where is the brother now that both parents are dead?  If his mother had been Nicholas' mainstay, as reported, had there been any provisions made within a larger Cruz family for looking into what would happen to either of the two boys should anything happen to their mother?What real oversight of Nicholas was taken by the Snead family?  Is a lack of oversight or mentoring of Nicholas a reason for the family retaining a lawyer?  If Nicholas is diagnosed as autistic that might be part of a defense against execution.", "\"He posted pictures of weapons and dead animals on social media\" - This is considered as a red flag (and I agree with it), but how is it different than these so-called \"big game hunters\" who do the same? Isn't that equally sick?\nI think as a society we have a lot to introspect and look into if we take pride in such things. One is labelled as mental illness after the crime while other is labelled as sportsmanship.", "With everyone else I am very troubled by this shooting spree.  Nickolas was indeed disturbed and seemingly mentally ill.  But his action seems to be motivated by a non pathological syndrome, the desire for revenge.  Nickolas endured \"the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune,\" the death of his parents and the bullying of his peers.  To end them he opposed them, not by taking his own life (he had not despaired of life) but by sending a \"valentine\" to his imagined tormentors.  I think it is significant that he told his foster mother that he did not go to school on Valentine's Day.  Nickolas is not a monster.  He is a tormented adolescent who directed his developed combat oriented energies at a mentally undeveloped symbolic target.\n\nIt is a tragedy.", "The NRA and the Republican Congress will wait this one out just as they've done the others. They know that's all they have to do before it's back to business as usual. After Sandy Hook, I thought that maybe, just maybe, someone, anyone, in Congress would do the right thing. But they didn't.\nOne Parkland student said, My generation won't stand for this.\nSo my hope lies with future generations. Until then, many, many more people will die in mass shootings.", "There is no legitimate reason to own an AR-15. In the hands of any civilian, it is nothing but a weapon to commit mass murder. Some may feel nothing can be done about the gun problem in America. They may be right. But I think there is something anyone, everyone can do starting today. You know somebody obsessed with guns, somebody who makes threats, somebody overwhelmed with hate? Then tell the authorities. There is no legitimate reason for anyone but law enforcement and the military to own an AR-15.", "Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act (PLCAA) is a U.S. law that protects firearm manufacturers & dealers from being held liable when crimes have been committed by their products. This law should be rewritten to allow the victims of mass shooters to sue the provider of military grade weapons. ", "The only steps trump, scott and the others who are in the pocket of the NRA will take to make schools \"safer\" is to arm teachers and administrators.  They want more guns not fewer.  Yet, they are careful never to permit guns in legislative and court buildings.  Think you could walk into the white house with an AR-15? or scott's office? Or paul ryan's or mitch mcconnell's?  Not a chance.  Why not?They are afraid as they should be.  Guns are dangerous. But they are cowards and are afraid of the NRA.\n\nThe various gun safety groups (Moms Demand Action, Brady Campaign, Coalition to Stop Gun Violence,Everytown for Gun Safety, etc.) should focus on high school students for support and help register them to vote because they can help throw out the feckless legislators and elected officials who refuse to protect us.", "\"Black Panther\" is a great cultural film! Hollywood has been the candy store of all things bad for American mental health. With the demise of the family and women more interested in daycare than raising children the result is a society ruled by commercial gratification.\nThere is no silver bullet to stop school shootings only a signal that we better change our national priorities. Our resources should be spent on our people not war.", "Look at this picture. Who is the legal defender for this young man? A woman and a mother. I don't know how she came to be his defense attorney. Regardless, she is a professional doing a job, under our constitution and system of laws, providing the legal defense every accused is entitled to. But the picture says so much more to me. That troubled young man is the product of a masculinity culture women are complicit in but not in control of. Women just pick up the broken lives of the young men with guns and their victims.  Can we talk about why that is? Can we change that?", "Most people with mental health problems do not commit violent acts.  They are more likely to be victims.  Yes, we need better mental health care in this country, but this isn't why.  \n\nI was a prison psychologist for over 20 years.  I know a bit about violent people.  Yes, I could offer a pretty good guess of who might be more likely to commit a violent act (inmate OR staff, unfortunately), but I wouldn't bet money on when.  Next week?  Next year?  No idea.  Unless the person was in an immediate psychotic crisis, and obviously an imminent danger to self or others, I couldn't predict the future.  In fact, I can't rule out a violent outburst from ANYONE with 100% accuracy.  So, unless you want to proactively lock up people who haven't done anything yet, I can't help you.  \n\nHere's a better idea.  Since we can never be certain who might go on a murderous rampage, or when ... let's not let ANYONE have access to weapons that are designed to kill multiple victims as quickly as possible.  I'd much rather deal with a murderous rampage from a person armed with a baseball bat.  Wouldn't you?", "There is no market or government solution to this problem in the USA.\n\nThus: we need a design solution.   Schools need metal detectors and classrooms need to be shut down and bullet proofed.   There needs to be police in the halls when the change classes.  There needs to be a guarded perimeter around the school that needs to be policed and only people with the appropriate ID can enter.   Private schools can differentiate themselves by the degree of safety they offer.\n\nSound terrible and expensive and extreme?   Given there is no market or government solution in the USA...what is left?  What is your idea?", "The key question is how a 19 year old boy with no parents was able to buy a semi-automatic rifle.  This has nothing to do with Second Amendment rights. It has everything to do with the powerful gun lobby that puts weapon sales and profits above the lives of children.", "We need tighter regulations and better controls on guns, their types and uses.  We don't need politicians and gun lovers with more of their same excuses to justify weapons in the hands of ordinary citizens.  Guns have but one purpose and that is to kill a life.\n\nWe've heard over the past few days many Republicans talking about their prayers.  Are the prayers truly for the victims or are they so Republicans don't lose their NRA ratings and funding?", "The head of the snake is the military style weapon.\nIt should be first to be denied to all citizens in the\nCommon Good. The AR and Glock types are too\nattractive, too, almost anonymously, powerful for\nparanoids and unhappy people to resist in their\ndesire for revenge. We can work on mental health,\ncultural issues AFTER we eliminate assault rifles\nand semi-auto pistols from the public, by confiscation,\nbuy-out, whatever. And be able to prosecute and jail\nanyone with one of these guns in their possession,\nno excuses. Revolvers should be registered.They can too\neasily be carried and concealed. Shotguns and rifles, bolt action, lever action, double barrel can be used as weapons, but are not a romance for the sickos. And they do less damage in a short period of time.\n\nCitizens do not need military style weapons. Paranoids\ndo. Get rid of both by banning these weapons.  It's a\nstrong start.  No more palaver about mental health, etc.\nThat can come later.", "It is very disheartening and discouraging to hear our so-called leaders making the same pronouncements of how they are going to do everything they can to make sure this kind of tragedy does not happen again.  Then you have a president who is opposed to any gun control measures - he wants tont shift the focus on mental illness.  How convenient to appease the NRA.  Until the politicians find members of their family victims of this kind of tragedy, they will continue to feed us lip service.\n\nHow does a 19-year old kid procure weapons is incredulous?  It's bad enough our society is populated with its share of troubled, broken and dysfunctional families struggling to survive, let alone adding fuel to the fire by making weapons of death so readillly available.", "It's not my job to keep the people in my community under surveillance so my congressional representatives can continue to receive their generous \"contributions\" from the NRA.\n\nIt's not my job to evaluate the mental health of my neighbors on Facebook and Instagram to facilitate America's obscene obsession with guns. \n\nThis isn't a \"mental health\" problem. This is quite simply a too many guns problem. Period.", "If Congress and state legislatures won't implement reasonable gun control measures we should demand that they heavily tax every aspect of gun ownership -- including raising the sales taxes on guns and ammo, registration fees to sell guns, and application fees to own a gun and require anyone who buys or sells guns to take out liability insurance. The proceeds fro the taxes and fees can fund research into those mental health problems that supposedly are the source of the problem. Tax gun violence to death before it kills more innocent people. \n\nOh, and the NRA should be shamed into donating to mental health organizations in amounts equal to the money they donate to political campaigns.", "I don't see any hope until the NRA decides that there is too much killing by automatic weapons and the gun manufactures have a change of heart.\nFor years there was terrible killing in Ireland until the parties got tired of it. We can work and try to elect people who are responsible but wouldn't it be wonderful if the NRA came out and said your children did not die in vain. We support the banning of automatic weapons as a tribute to you children.", "\"And other factors contribute to mass shootings, such as the availability of guns and the degree to which media coverage turns mass shooters into celebrities.\"\n\nA quote from another New York Times article published today. This entire article turns Nikolas Cruz into a celebrity, justifies his actions with his troubled childhood, and ends by suggesting that if he had only \"blended in\" more with his classmates, none of this would have happened. Hundreds of thousands (if not millions) of people in this country have had difficult childhoods. Many people do not feel like they fit in during middle school and high school. Murdering children should not be seen as a response to these challenges for the many others who have faced similar circumstances (or far worse). This young man should have faded into obscurity, his name never mentioned and never put on a pedestal. This article shouldn't have been written. Follow your own advice and stop turning mass shooters into celebrities. ", "Clearly, this young man was seriously ill and needed help, which he apparently didn't receive. That said, one wonders what the FBI was doing, if anything, after having been warned of Mr. Cruz's behavior. But the real bottom line is: why are guns so readily av available in the United States? No other country on earth is so incredibly lax regarding gun ownership. But then, I suppose we can sum all of this up in two words: The NRA. It has bought members of Congress, who will continue to do nothing to stop gun violence in this country so long as they are supported by this insidious lobby. So, can the next school or other mass shooting be far away? Of course not.", "The issue of guns whether it's gun safety or gun control needs to be the central theme, front and center, in this midterm election. Any candidate accepting money from the NRA must be publicize. Every candidate must concisely express their position on the issue. The American voters must demand these answers or we will be in the same position again. We must do it for our children. Our children!", "What on earth are we going to do about this?\n\n1.  Cruz is said to be autistic.  He was presumably an exceptional student ed student.  Broward is an excellent school district in dealing with such students.  But he eventually was too much for Broward, so they expelled him.\n\n2.  Cruz had minor brushes with law enforcement.  So far, it doesn't seem to have been enough to cause incarceration or other serious intervention.  \n\n3.  Cruz lost his parents, but he was adopted.  From all accounts, his adoptive parents did all that they reasonably could to help guide him.\n\n4.  Cruz may or may not be mentally ill. From all appearances, he may be mentally handicapped.  There is a difference.\n\nSo, what's left?  Gun control.  There are too many guns.  Start with a restoration of the 1994 ban on semi-automatic weapons.  Then ban handguns.  No one hunts with them.  Impose a quote on personal ownership of other guns.  Require owners to present their guns every two years for certification.  And no grandfathering in.  \n\nAnd, on a personal level, boycott all films and video games that include guns.\n\nEnough is enough.", "Despite Trump's tweet where he blames Cruz's friends and neighbors and claims these people, some who are victims of the shooting, should have done more, the fact is that Cruz was repeatedly reported.\n\nHe was reported to the police numerous time, he was reported to the FBI, the school was aware of him, he was expelled from the school, etc.  Despite all of these reports it is still legal for him to go into a gun store and walk out with an AR 15 20 minutes later.  The problem is easy access to guns.  No one should be able to buy an AR 15, there should be longer wait periods, more comprehensive background checks (the Republican controlled Florida legislature was due to vote to make background checks o handguns less strict the day after this shooting).  ", "The reason that it couldn't have been prevented?\n\nTerribly simple and a lesson for the future !\n\nEverybody was waiting for the 'system' to take care of the warning signs.\n\nNo one wanted 'to get involved'.", "I did not hear Mr. Trump say how we would implement identification or treatment for the mental illness that he identifies as the primary cause of mass shootings. Who will pay for the testing and then treatment of those identified as dangerous? How many billions of dollars and from where, what form of nation-wide health insurance will become available to the entire US population? \n\nHe reassured our kids that any number of people will support them--but nowhere did he name any public servant or agency. I don't think he's serious about ending this rampage, do you?", "I worked with acting-out youth for almost 40 years, 32 of them as a special education teacher in behavioural/mental health programs for children & youth. Angry and upset youth will say and do some pretty outrageous things but in my experience exclusion (suspension or expulsion) should be the last and least desirable response to most infractions.\nInstead, we relied heavily on in-school restrictions: a student would have to work in a study carrel (which kept him in our room with his peers), recesses were spent in a very restricted area under constant supervision, backpack may be searched, etc. until some measure of trust was regained.\n\nCanadian share the same mental health difficulties as Americans. The major difference is that firearms are much more tightly controlled here. Assault-type weapons are prohibited. If Americans persist in allowing assault rifles they should at least have a mechanism for citizens to report worrisome behaviour by people who are known to be armed and a legal process for police to intervene.\nMany of our students were threatening to varying degrees. Parents, teachers, neighbours and especially peers invariably have first-hand observations about  teenagers. Police can be surprisingly creative and discreet in what they do with sensitive information. If a pattern of out-of-control behaviour can be demonstrated a judge may be empowered to intervene. Engaging with troubled youth is likely to be more productive than isolating them.", "Let's not scapegoat those with mental illness.  The problem is not mental illness, but easy access to guns, and high-powered ones at that.  Yes, we must do much better in this country to provide resources for those who struggle with mental illness, but that is a separate (though important) issue from the necessity of gun control.  It is utter national insanity to subjugate ourselves to  the very profitable gun industry and  bend to the will of the NRA, which has gained huge power through lobbying and donations to elected officials and representatives.  Nikolas Cruz is simply another in a long line of violent men who mass murder.  Period.  He engaged in terroristic behavior that was premeditated. Period.  Lots of people suffer from mental illness. Lots of people suffer from loss.  But they  don't murder others.  In fact, those with mental illness are 6 times as likely to be victims of crimes as they are to be perpetrators.  We really know so little about mental illness and how to manage \"chemical treatment.\"  But we do know is that guns kill people. Period. And the statistics in the U.S. are devastating.  That's straight-forward.  I've never understood the American obsession with guns.  And no one needs to be armed like the military.", "The more I think about the \"greatest country in the world\" narrative, the flag-waving, the nationalism, the more I realize that these displays are obviously desperate and often hollow attempts to deflect and obscure the endemic unhappiness, anger, and dysfunction of American society. The truly great countries (and this is equally true for individuals) never have to self-declare their greatness or demand oppressive nationalist conformity (think Colin Kaepernick -- and, crucially, why the \"taking a knee\" has had to re-brand itself as more patriotic than standing).", "In the past three years over FOUR HUNDRED people have been shot in schools.\nIn that time here has been a school shooting every month except one.\nThis is great news for gun manufacturers, as fear drives more people rush out to buy guns, which by definition means a larger number of them will being left out, stored unlocked, stolen, accidentally discharged, or as in this case deployed on children. Nowhere outside a war zone is there such a shockingly sanguine policy stance about the number of guns per capita.\nTime to wake up and hold the gun manufacturers accountable, but our legislators have drunk the Kool-aid of lobbying dollars.", "Yes, a complicated story of one young man's life. Clearly, the adults in his life were trying to help him. There is only one thing I can fault these caring and concerned adults with: the AK-15. Why in the world would they allow him to keep it in their home? Why would they and other parents allow three teenage boys to take AK-15s on a trip to shoot for fun? Was that part of the culture that says boys need guns to \"make them men\"? Isn't that the problem we all need to confront, personally, in how we raise our boy children, in our movies and video games, in our over-the-top glorification of our military \"fighting men\"? We need to start now and over generations, a slow process, force the gun mythology into remission. The movement away from masculinity-equals-guns has to be led by men. Women can't do it. Women can say, \"No guns in my home.\" But that's all. Boys learn from men what it means to be a man. We still expect men to be the protectors of the family but how often, in this economy and society, are men present to protect their children and wives with their guns? Maybe a few hours between supper and breakfast, if that. No fathers with guns were in that school to protect their children. It's time to realize that guns don't protect our families, they threaten them. . ", "There is only one red flag that matters. The suspect lived in a country where it is easy to legally purchase weapons designed specifically to kill as many people as possible as efficiently as possible. All other red flags are manageable.", "My classroom is adjacent to the main entryway of our school. Every year I tell the parents of my students that not only will I instruct them, I will keep them safe from harm\n   Years ago my principal thought it unwise to say, to my parents, now after\nall of these shootings, the administrator knows like all teachers in this country\nthey may be asked to put their life on the line", "Words do have a meaning, always.\nBut we don;t always see it in its full spectrum.\nThe NRA and the gun lobby claim they do not agree with gun control.\nBut what does \"control\" mean?\nIs completely unchecked availability not a form of \"control\"?\nIf that is true, are we not talking about what KIND of control to have (free-for-all, or limited)?\nShould we then abolish all laws who prescribe any prohibition of action?\nDoes the NRA, in the final analysis, not demand lawlessness?", "Lots of comment re the NRA which is being pilloried whether justifiably or not for encouraging self sufficiency suitable to the 18th century.\n\nThe idea of gun ownership as a necessary fashion accoutrement has gained the traction it has thanks to our well bandaged heritage which covers a an ammo box of sins in the guise of freedom.\n\nI don't know the basis of a fascination which I, like countless other men, feel toward the works of deathly art, but I do know the first .22 I had was used to kill a bird for no other purpose than to show my mastery over nature. Nothing noble in that pursuit and I never \"hunted\" again. It was a sense of personal shame rather than morality which removed my great white hunter mask.\n\nTarget shooting like throwing darts and horseshoes requires concentration and the developement of motor skills.\n\nUsing a gun to hunt for food requires the same skillset. \n\nNo skill is needed to kill with an AR-15 and NRA members know this. ", "Seems like America loves their guns more than their children. I hope to be proven wrong by some sensible gun safety legislation this time but I doubt it. No one is looking to take away all guns but addition gun safety protections are a public health necessity. Mothers Against Drunk Driving became a powerful force. We need something like this again. It's pretty obvious by their silence that Congress is entirely beholden to the gun lobby and won't make any substantive changes on their own. The mid-term elections can't come some enough. ", "Looking at the 2016 FBI UCR the types of weapons used in murders are below. The last time that I looked at mass shootings handguns were used much more often than rifles, of which assault weapons are a subset. The data below reinforces that. If middle class people are just going to focus on mass shootings and ignore the almost 75% of firearm homicides that occur in low income urban neighborhoods it will amount to nothing less than another aspect of institutionalized racism. Focusing on assault weapons is the same as about 80% of firearm homicides are committed with handguns, primarily in those same neighborhoods. \n\nGun control advocates use a bait and switch by pointing at all firearm homicides but then primarily focusing on assault weapons, in then end not helping anyone, either the victims of mass shootings or all firearm homicides. The media has been driving the campaign on assault weapons; do yourself credit and apply rational skills and the use of data to come with some solutions to address firearm violence.  \n\n15070 Total\n11004 Total firearms:\n_7105 Handguns\n__374 Rifles\n__262 Shotguns\n__186 Other guns\n_3077 Firearms, type not stated\n_1604 Knives or cutting instruments\n__472 Blunt objects (clubs, hammers, etc.)\n__656 Personal weapons (hands, fists, feet, etc.)\n_1334 Other weapons", "The \"right,\" exemplified by Florida Governor Rick Scott, come up with statements like \"We have to find ways of limiting access to guns by the mentally ill.\"  Am I automatically on the \"left\" to suggest that the sentence should be kept intact but that the last four words can be eliminated?  I'm thinking automatic assault guns, not all guns; unfortunately, the prevailing attitude is that if we limit any type of guns, we're opening the door to ban all guns.  I urge everyone once more to look at how super-conservative Australian Prime Minister John Howard led the legislative reforms in his country thirty years ago to eliminate assault weapon ownership and use.  Australians otherwise still can have guns.", "Trump's teleprompter speech is the Just Say No equivalent for school shooters. There are more than 15 MILLION high school students. How many are troubled, cause problems, even get expelled? Sure, call the police over and over on these problem students. Burden the system and spy on your neighbors. Sadly, Cruz could have hurt someone no matter who called whom, but without that gun, it would have been a lot fewer than 17 dead and many more injured.", "This tragedy would have been averted by lower taxes on the rich, higher military spending, and the acquisition of another 1000 nuclear weapons. ", "This is the price we all pay so that Americans can have easy access to guns. It is hard for me to believe that relatively unfettered gun ownership is so important for some people that they are willing to live with these tragedies that play out over and over. Yes, restricting access to assault weapons will put a crimp in Americans' Second Amendment rights but really, isn't that a small price to pay so that we are not killing our children?", "The facts of this case underscore the near impossibility of predicting who might commit such a crime. How many kids have problematic pasts yet never commit a crime, much less a crime like this? We simply do not have the mental health assessment tools to identify a killer before the fact. For this reason, we will never find mental health screening to be a satisfactory method of denying gun ownership. I'm not suggesting that it shouldn't be used; merely that that alone cannot prevent events like this.\n\nThe only sure way to end these mass killings is to remove the implements of destruction from everyone's hands. I cannot see why an AR-15-type weapon should be available to the general public. The gun simply has no valid reason for existence beyond a shooting spree. It's only a 22 caliber, too small to hunt big game with. They're not particularly accurate. Put a bump stock on it and you effectively have a fully-automatic machine gun. Let's get rid of them, period. They are no more justifiable than hand grenades, and they're not permitted.", "I am a high school teacher, so saddened and sickened and disheartened that it's hard to go about \"business as usual\" today. Yesterday I offered a midday walk for teachers - just a short lap around the building - a mindful walk, if you will, to hold this tragedy in our hearts and send a message of protection to our students, but nobody came. They were too busy making copies and grading papers. And so we go on, comfortably numb. ", "Assault weapons are designed to kill with maximum efficiency. I am completely at a loss to understand the need to have/own an assault weapon with large capacity magazines in this country. \n\nThe issue of mental health is a serious one. It is often difficult to identify or evaluate and is a matter of degree. There certainly needs to be an increased awareness, compassion and treatment for the mentally disturbed. But that is a slow process and it takes time to identify and certainly to correct.\n\nWhat is a clearer in attempting to mitigate the problem of mass shootings and violence, is the implementation of sensible gun safety laws to include the banning of assault weapons for civilians. It is an action that can be taken now and in the light of awareness. We don\u2019t need to wait to figure out who is stable or prone to disturbed actions.\n\nEnough is enough. It is well within our power to remove one of the major components of the tragedies caused by the combination of mental illness and guns! \n\nWe the people, can do this. It is outrageous not to.", "So, there's this kid on one end and then the kids CNN has been interviewing in the other. Cruz is a disturbing mess but this school and those parents should be commended for raising the intelligent, well spoken, thoughtful young people who have been in front of the camera this week. We may be living in a pit now, but with what I've seen and heard this week, there is definitely hope. ", "My father said that when he went to grade school and high school in the late 1920's to mid 1930's, some of the country kids took rifles to school, left them in the coat room, and shot dinner on their trek home.  All the farm people and most town people, including children, had easy access to one or more loaded firearms.  Guns were sold at the hardware store and dry goods store,  or could be obtained mail order vie the Sears or Montgomery Ward catalogue, no questions asked.  The grocery store sold ammunition.  Occasionally family and and other disputes, usually related to gambling or alcohol distribution,  ended in shootings, but mass killing were unheard of.\nAlmost 100 years on access to guns is more difficult, and yet we have mass shootings and major US inner cities (Chicago, Detroit, St Louis ...) are for all intents and purposes free fire no-go-zones where a holiday weekend body count overtakes that of even the most horrendous \"mass killings\".\nThe question that should be asked is why people have grown more savage in the last 3/4 century and if the process can be reversed.", "What good is a tip from a citizen, if the FBI is too busy helping politicians to act?\n\nNew laws should be passed to make sure that the FBI does its job, and nothing else but its job.  All investigations of politicians should be excluded - that's the job of a free press.", "One again it will business as usual after another horrendous school shooting. As most of these comments can attest to, those who are anti gun will stay the course and those who are pro second amendment will do the same. To say that the focus on mental health is wrong (as previously posted) shows a bias that is equally matched by those who refuse to admit that stricter gun laws are needed.\nThe problem is so much deeper in our society....Social media has the ability to exacerbate feelings of anxiety in adults and particularly kids who are routinely ostracized and bullied, often having no friends whatsoever.  So many will play single shooter video games literally all weekend long, breaking only for a quick meal. Our politics are broken and most centuries old traditional values are constantly under attack.\nSo people will have their usual say but a serious and thorough examination of the root causes of this problem is sorely needed from all sides, pro and anti\ngun.", "My heart hurts for this boy. Of course I ache for the families who lost their children and the terror they experienced. But I don't want the suffering of this boy to be forgotten either. He has suffered incredibly traumatic losses throughout his life. He has repeatedly experienced abandonment and displacement. I have worked with many adopted youth who have experienced developmental and chronic trauma and the behaviors of Nikolas that preceded the shooting sound typical of someone with chronic trauma. Of course he should not have had access to weapons. But he should have had access to love and support and high quality mental health care. Notifying authorities again and again, as the president suggests, will not prevent these atrocities; it only exacerbates the experience of danger and terror that prompt these behaviors. People with chronic trauma are likely experiencing a constant sense of danger and threat and need gentle soothing, security, and consistent support to recover. The reality is that accessing mental health care is difficult and it is even more difficult to find a provider who provides trauma-informed care and is knowledgeable about the effects of adverse childhood experiences. I hope that in addition to increased gun control and access to mental health care, we can all make more of an effort to invite the stranger in and love our neighbors.", "Long past time to again place the mentally ill in institutions with appropriate safeguards against abuse.\n\nAlso, long past time to regulate gun ownership more strictly that the purchase of tobacco and alcohol.\n\nMedical/Psychological certification\nAge limit (at least 21)\nBackground checks\nRegistration\nNational data base\nStrong penalties for illegal possession", "After the several London bombings over the years, it was found that every bomber was 'known to the police'.  Currently, the Metropolitan Police has a watch list of over 3,000 suspected extremists which MI5 are very concerned about, and who are being observed, so they tell us. There are a further 20,000 suspected extremists on another list who are observed, sometimes. The next atrocity will again come from someone on the list. With our laws, you can't take someone off the streets because of what the might do. It seems a similar situation with Cruz in hindsight. All the signs were there,but prevention was impossible.", "How about a federal tax on the sale or transfer of any assault weapon or modification, say $100K per transaction?  Congress can EASILY impose such a tax.  Then, states can impose a state-operated \"liability\" insurance requirement upon each owner on each weapon, say $1000 per year per weapon.\n\nMake them too expensive for the \"mentally defective\" to acquire or own...and assist with balancing budgets along the way.", "It is very important to understand that mentally ill people must be held accountable for their actions even though they are mentally ill.  It is one thing which keeps someone who is delusional from acting on the delusions--the thought that they could be imprisoned or executed for their actions (if severe enough).  As a therapist, I have heard patients suffering from psychotic symptoms say this...that someone who committed a violent act and was mentally ill still needed to be held strongly accountable for the actions against someone else.\n\nPeople with conduct disorders or sociopathic personalities are not somehow magically treatable...this is a very very serious problem and they can be very dangerous.  The solution is not to blame mental illness when there is a horrific incident like this where so many beautiful people lost their lives so senselessly, but to control gun ownership.  This is just so simple.  \n\n\"Limiting access for Mentally Ill is complicated\" needs to be replaced with a general limitation on access to weapons of mass killing. Period.  Not so complicated.", "What can we do? This list isn't a complete solution and it would run up against some Constitutional objections. But we have allowed the purveyors of guns to so saturate our culture with weapons of mass murder that we may have to take some unpalatable steps to get things back under control.\n\n1) Subject anyone who make a verifiable threat of violence or mayhem to arrest, interrogation, and search of their person and places of residence.\n2) Make it a crime to know of a verifiable threat of violence or mayhem and not report it to law enforcement.\n3) Make it illegal to manufacture, sell, or own any handgun or semi-automatic (or automatic) assault weapon except those sold to and held by authorized military and law enforcement agencies. (Require manufacturers who made and sold such weapons to buy them back and destroy them.)\n4) Require, and provide free, mental health counseling to any person deemed a danger to themselves or others.", "Someone whose behavior includes episodes of rage resulting in damage to property or humans/animals or who enjoys hurting animals is someone who should be legally committed to a good mental institution until the behaviors and problem fantasies/thinking are under control.  This type of person is extremely dangerous.  Unfortunately, our revulsion against the problematic mental institutions of the past has resulted in inadequately funded local outpatient treatment centers and too few good compassionate residential center.  But better mental health services still would not prevent all violent incidents.  Stricter gun owner and seller licensing and laws as to who can buy a gun and requiring high powered weapons to be stored at gun ranges vs at home would help prevent the disturbed person  from using a gun as the weapon of choice.", "Perhaps we could start affecting grassroots change by looking at our own personal safety and that of our neighbor.  Specifically, it was noted that Mr. Cruz and Mr. Goldfarb\u2019s son, Bradley, had gone on a trip to a cabin in the Everglades with other young men.  Shooting weapons, which included two AR-15 rifles, was part of the itinerary.  By all accounts, Mr. Cruz and Bradley were about 18-19 years old and 16-17 years old respectively.\nScience has shown that the human brain continues to develop throughout childhood, adolescence and into early adulthood.  One of the last portions of the brain to fully develop is the frontal cortex which controls reasoning and impulse control.  According to the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry, \u201cBased on the stage of their brain development, adolescents are more likely to: act on impulse, misread or misinterpret social cues and emotions, get into accidents of all kinds, get involved in fights, and engage in dangerous or risky behavior.\u201d\nIt is laudable that the cabin owner accompanied the young men on the trip presumably to supervise for safety.  It was short-sided of the owner and the parents/guardians of the young men to expect that they could safely shoot AR-15 rifles reliably given their incompletely developed frontal cortices.   Regardless of one\u2019s belief about gun rights and ownership, the growth of the normal human brain is not complete until at least age 25 rendering gun operators under the age of 25 a safety risk.", "This young man had issues for quite awhile. What was done to help him? Blaming President Trump is not the answer. If the Democrats wanted to do something about the gun issue they could have easily passed something the first two years of President  Obama\u2019s administration when they had sizable majorities in Congress. They didn\u2019t. There are some things that could easily be done now, like not selling this type of guns to anyone under 21. What should happen,  is more help to students who have the kind of issues that make them feel that these atrocious acts are their only option. We have a crisis of young men who are hurting and marginalized. Many turn to opioids and hurt themselves, and others tragically hurt others. What can we do to help them?", "Not just assault weapons, all semi-automatics. Including for law enforcement who can check out a semiautomatic in crisis situations. Anyone who, as I did, grew up hunting knows that a bolt, pump, or lever action with a three round magazine, not clip, or double barrel shotgun or rifle is sufficient for the job. If the first shot misses, the second usually misses, the third always. For over a century revolvers were sufficient for police, who now empty clips at unarmed victims. The only purposes of semiautomatics are entertainment or homicide. ", "It upsets me when people are commenting and have no understanding of the legalities of the school system.  You need to read up on \"students are entitled to an education in the least restrictive environment.\"   This has caused students who have been identified to become a protected class.  You also need to know that until a student \"acts\", even if they threaten, nothing can be done legally.  Also there is a disincentive to administrators and school districts to \"formally\" identify acts of violence because it lowers the school and district rating.\nMy background comes from 22 years of teaching.  Prior to that I worked in corporate America as a business analyst and economist.  I went in to teaching to make a difference.  I left teaching fearing for my life and health.", "He used his real name on the threatening post, and it was immediately called to the attention of the FBI.  Why didn't they track down every person with that name (there aren't many with the unusual spelling \"Nikolas\", interview them, and see if any were possible threats?  They surely would have found him, and some measures could have been taken, whether mental health care or prosecution for posting a threat.\n\nIt is interesting that he was adopted; adoptees have a high rate of major disturbance.  Then he was orphaned by the death of his adoptive parents, which might have been a trigger---the end of any human connection, giving a feeling of \"nothing to live for\".  At the very least, this should have put a hold on his purchase of a weapon.", "Let me ask the NRA, what is more important: the right to live or the right to own a gun? Yes, that\u2019s right: it is just that simple. No excuses, no justifications, no fake remorse. Why should every citizen in this country of 325 million be afraid to walk down the street, or send their children to school? \n\nWe could lock up every citizen who might have a mental illness, and that would not stop the carnage. However, if we stopped the sales of guns and made gun control much more meaningful, that might get results. \n\nIf that young man had not been able to purchase a rifle, those 17 people would still be alive. \n\nThe NRA promotes death, and they don\u2019t really care. We need to stop them.", "Notice the talking points spouted by the NRA spokesmen in Congress (i.e. republican congressmen):\n\n- gun controls are too simple a solution OBFUSCATE\n- we should look at mental health improvements DEFLECT, COMPLICATE\n- we need to improve security at the schools DEFLECT, add MORE GUNS\n(and they forget to mention concert venues, cinemas, etc)\n- AR 15 is just one weapon; or AR does not stand for Assault Rifle OBFUSCATE, DEFLECT, AVOID THE QUESTION\n\nIf you look at the responses from the congressmen and of some commentators here, they all use the same party lines.", "Wake up.  When anyone brags about killing animals they are sure to move on to people...", "Why did he do it? What was his motive? Who cares?! But for the gun, he's just a disturbed young man. But. For. The. Gun.", "The only thing that could have saved the number of kids murdered, is a ban on assault weapons.", " I remember that washed up bloated has been Bill I'Reilly after Sand hook\":\n\" This is the price we pay for freedom.\"\nHuh ? Freedom to do what?\nPublish the name of every single one of those do-nothing elected officials that feeds at the the blood-filled trough of the NRA\nAnd then vote every single one of them out. ", "While everyone is debating mental illness, gun control etc the FBI is screwing up case after case of terroisim and mass shootings.  What are they doing over there", "Normal rhetoric. The same after every mass murder in the US. Nothing will change unless politicians and the NRA are held responsible for these occurrences. When politicians are removed from office because of being Pro NRA or Pro gun then we will start to solve the problem. Too bad gun owners, but if you had dealt with your lunatic fringe we would have most of these problems.    ", "So many signs that the President is mentally disturbed, known his entire life for bad and erratic behavior. Business associates, employees, and citizens know he is a big problem. Must always report such instances to authorities, again and again!", "Can someone actually be arrested because they look violent? Why must ever murder by a white person be because they are mentally ill? If it is mental illness then why cut budgets for healthcare? How does reporting someone who looks dangerous to the police allow the police to interview them and arrest them before they commit a crime?", "The cynical part of my soul is not sure this is news. There will be another next week and another the week after. My even more cynical solution to this problem is that black and brown men should break the near monopoly by white men of mass shootings. when black and brown men start doing the majority of mass shopotings, they will find a way to stop it. ", "If this kid was poking around in your backyard you might want a gun.", "\"But others \u2014 including a comment on YouTube Mr. Cruz may have posted last year saying he wished to be \u201ca professional school shooter\u201d \u2014 were considerably more troubling. The comment, left under the name \u201cnikolas cruz,\u201d was reported to the F.B.I. by someone who did not know Mr. Cruz\"\n\nI wouldn't assume Cruz wrote this.  It's too easy and too likely to have been written by somebody else.", "America - the land where Kinder Eggs are banned because kids can choke on them or where buying benadryl is controlled but guns are not. In reality America's past sins are coming back to haunt her -  racism, unhindered greed, destroying other nations, bombing countries - playing politics everywhere - all this is karma.", "More like \"Developed Nation Showed Every Red Flag\".... ", "EVERY GUN in OUR United States of America must be REGISTERED on a national database, state LICENSED and fully INSURED for liability.\n\nJust like cars.\n\nWE THE PEOPLE must not let the gun lobby and their paid operatives in OUR governments to try to discuss \"mental illness\" or law enforcement/FBI responsibility.\n\nGET GUNS OFF THE STREETS OF AMERICA.\n\nGuns are the problem.  Nothing else.", "The only clear way to prevent mass murder is to take away the weapons designed for rapid killing of large numbers of people.", "It was 1971, I was around 8 and I was expelled from my school in Karachi Pakistan. Why? Because I did not want to do my homework. I thought it was too easy and if I know the answer why must I write it. Nonetheless, I was expelled and stayed expelled for 1 day until my father saw the Principal. I always did the homework after that, and of course finished my degrees from universities...\n\nWhat I have seen here is that schools DO NOT teach DISCIPLINE. The kids do whatever they like and they continue to go to school. Kids disrespect their teachers. Incredible! How dare I challenge my teachers! How dare! It simply could not happen and DID NOT happen. Furthermore, the parents here are just as much to blame. They simply do not care about the rearing of their children and often things like online games, Netflix, or YouTube are baby sitters. What do these kids learn there? Violence, violence, and more violence. \n\nThis miscreant should have been expelled a long time ago and that record should have been carried everywhere. So, early on he would have learned what is discipline. \n\nAs it is too late for all that, i think a quick track through the courts should send him to the Florida death chamber so humanity is rid of him. Perhaps that might put a thought of restraint in copy cats. ", "The problem isn't the Second Amendment, its the Fourth.  People are all too willing to ban and confiscate guns -- particularly a class of guns arbitrarily named \"assault rifles\" to make them sound more menacing -- from the 99.99% of gun owners who never have and never will caused any harm with their legally owned firearms.  And of course, such a ban and confiscation will do nothing given the 350 million guns already in circulation and the ability to use any number of other types of non-\"assault weapon\" firearms to commit exactly the same mayhem.  But how about other civil liberties.  Want to really \"do something\"?  Get to the root of the problem:  the freaks who commit these crimes.  Expand the ability of police to search premises, seize weapons, administratively detain individuals who have been identified as mentally ill or socially maladjusted and potentially dangerous.  Same for neo-Nazis, violent anti-Fa members, and jihadists.  Let's not discriminate on which constitutional rights are thrown out the window in the name of public safety.", "The difference between industrialized countries that do not have mass shootings like we have and the USA is that they have better and stricter gun control laws. People can hate that idea if they want to, but that is the solution. The question is how many more of our children are we going to let die before we finally do something about it? Our craze for the \u201cright\u201d to own all sorts of guns with such wimpy regulations is killing us and our beautiful children.\n\nYou don\u2019t need to have a mental illness to be untrustworthy with a firearm. This is why focusing on mental health won\u2019t work. Just the other week where I live there was an incident of road rage. A man shot another man in the head while they were driving. The shooter was mad he was being tailgated or something. Luckily the victim survived. \n\nLet\u2019s be honest. Most people can\u2019t be trusted not to text or talk on the phone while driving. Many people can\u2019t be trusted to vaccinate their children against awful diseases despite the overwhelming evidence that vaccines do not cause autism or any other scary brain problem. Many people can\u2019t be trusted to pick up poo from sidewalks after they take their dog on a walk. As a country we couldn\u2019t even be trusted not to pick an incompetent and degenerate clown as a president. How many of us are really trustworthy with a firearm?  ", "No more glorifying the Murderer. Please NYX, share the stories of the surviving and murdered victims and the money hungry politicians who have financed this and too many other senseless killings.", "\"so is the NRA governing somewhere around here??\nwhy can't you vote against it's policies that you disagree about?\"\nshe asked quizzically.  then it had to tell her it's not a \"government\" but something with a lot of money and influence that tells the \"government\" what to do...\n\"WOW\" she said, then \"What???...\"", "In what crazy, warped interpretation of 2nd Amendment rights can anyone  claim it justifies allowing a 19 year-old boy - regardless of his mental or emotional condition - the right to purchase and own a military-grade assault weapon? How can anyone  justify putting into the hands of any non-law enforcement, non-military person a weapon explicitly designed and intended to kill people in a rapid spray of bullets? \n\nHave we become so warped in our view of what's right and proper that we would entrust these kinds of weapons to average citizens? What the heck is wrong with this country? This horrible situation gets repeated over and over and over, week after week, and our elected (Republican) officials just sit back, sharing their thoughts and prayers, yet doing NOTHING to address the problem except offering platitudes. All the while, of course, knowing the NRA has their backs with massive campaign contributions and \"A\" ratings. \n\nEnough is enough. Fight fire with fire, I say. Our first step is to get these GOP laggards out of office all across this country. They are a cancer on our society. Next, we work in a concerted fashion to put the NRA and the weapons manufacturers it represents OUT OF BUSINESS.  These are not honorable firms run by honorable people. No, these are merchants of death and destruction. They need too be stopped, no matter what it takes. I've had it. We all have. People, UNITE!", "A common occurrence or after thought....Signs were apparent but nobody did anything.  When will the time come when people see certain odd things about a person a say something?!?!? It does not have told in a way that a raid occurs or law enforcement are busting down the doors but it does have to said so that proper monitoring can be conducted. We have the tools to spy on people but not the tools to engage someone and reduce the threat!? It's ridiculous. After Sandy Hook (20 small children) everyone went up in arms saying we needing to get serious. What has happened.....the same thing that happens after every tragic gun violence....absolutely nothing! People..if you see something weird about a person in public or online....alert authorities, school officials anyone so steps can be taken to reduce the threat. Just because it does not concern you does not mean you do not have to act and protect your fellow citizens. Wake up people!! Sandy Hook happen well over 5 years ago and still people do not open their mouths to bring attention. ", "Please pass this article on Speaker Paul Ryan. Yesterday he said that  we shouldn't take away people's rights until we have all the facts. \n\nSpeaker Ryan...what additional facts do you need? \n\nStop making lame alibis for no action! You're insulting our intelligence!", "\"The comment, left under the name 'nikolas cruz, was reported to the F.B.I. by someone who did not know Mr. Cruz, and the agency said on Thursday that it had been unable to determine who had posted it.\"\n\nWhat?  He used his real name and the FBI couldn't find him?", "I hope the FBI is held accountable for their failure and subsequent lies about not being able to id the killer through his Youtube post. Here is a partial list of FBI failures to heed warnings:\n1. The Phoenix FBI warns Washington office about Arab flight students before 911.\n2. FBI ignores warnings that the mother of the Boston Bomber is a terrorist.\n3. Ignored warnings about San Bernardino killers.\n4. Gun dealer warned FBI about Omar Mateen.  FBI loses track of his wife.  Thank God under Trump she is in jail.\n5. Father of Chelsea Bomber warns FBI.", "He showed \u2018Every Red Flag\u2019.  So what?\nRepublicans and the NRA still let it happen.\nThis country is THE joke of the world when it comes to guns and mass shootings.\nI just thank everyday that I was not shot by a gun yet", "Metal detectors have been used at many violent and racially-torn schools with success.  Suburbanites tend to shy away from them because they seem so ghetto.  They have an answer at their hands that will solve this problem.  I guess they'd rather fight the NRA than seem ghetto.  Every sports event I attend uses them successfully.  They don't seem ghetto to me.  They seem like common sense.", "I wonder if he has Tourette's Syndrome?", "Why is it, in the conservative mind,  supposed 2nd Amendment rights (what well-regulated militia was this shooter a member of?) Trump the inalienable right to life? Is it because no one is paying/bribing Paul Ryan and his cohort with millions to keep people alive?", "So the guy signs his name to the threatening statement and the FBI cannot locate him?  Not very reassuring, to say the least. In fact, pretty lame.  ", "Beware! The snake oil salesmen are knocking on doors. Don't let them try to sell you one or two items from their \"mental health\" line of products.", "Among all the necessary conversations about sane gun laws and mental health, let's not ignore the very clear patterns of this uniquely American form of tragedy.\n\nWhite girls get bullied and they don't shoot up schools. Black boys get bullied and they don't shoot up schools. It's the \"aggrieved entitlement\", as sociologist Michael Kimmel put it, of the Angry White Man that lends itself to the sort of mass violence of innocent civilians that's clothed in a righteous sense of justice.\n\nWhether it's MRAs angry that they aren't getting the sex that they \"deserve\" or white supremacists driven to \"take their country back,\" there's a very clear pattern that we're ignoring at our peril. \n\nThere are two groups of people who commit mass violence in America: politically-motivated terrorists, and the much larger group of angry white men. We panic about the former, and hand weapons out like candy to the latter. What could possibly go wrong?", "THE TRUTH!!!\n\nThe accusation that a bill designed to remove restrictions and allow the mentally ill to purchase guns was passed by the GOP and signed by President Trump had long been debunked. As the National Review\u2019s Charles C.W. Cooke wrote over a year ago, what got removed was \u201cin layman\u2019s terms: The rule would have allowed bureaucrats within one of our federal agencies to bar American citizens from exercising a constitutional right \u2014 and on the highly questionable grounds that to be incapable of managing one\u2019s finances is, by definition, to be a \u2018mental defective.\u2019\u201d\n\nAnd the bill wasn\u2019t even supported by the NRA. But it was supported by the liberal ACLU and the American Association of People with Disabilities. Yet that didn\u2019t stop the networks from pushing lies and being appalled that the President wasn\u2019t exploiting the situation to push gun control as their previous president did.", "\"So many signs that the Florida shooter was mentally disturbed.\"\n\nThe claim doesn't advance the issue.  So many signs that Donald Trump is mentally disturbed as well. ", "The only way this country is going to cease having this sort of massacre happen is to get rid of do nothing republicans, and any other legislator in hock to the gun industry and the murder, massacre, and mayhem loving NRA, and get some very stringent gun control laws passed along with the allocation of funds to have them stringently enforced...all gun sales requiring background checks, no gun sales to minors, criminals or former criminals, spouse abusers, those known to be mentally deranged, and anyone without a good reason for having a gun in the first place.  Furthermore, gun owners should be required to report all gun thefts and be required to keep all guns under lock and key when not being used for legitimate purposes.", "\"Thoughts and prayers\" and \"mental illness\" are political shorthand for \"I am not going to solve the issue, because I'm being bribed not to.\" We need the Republican party out of power, stat, and for at least a generation. ", "Its about guns.  Nikolas Cruz may have had mental health problems, the shooter in the Colorado theater may have had mental health problems, the Sandy Hook shooter may have had mental health problems, but the common thread connecting everything is:  guns.  The GOP House is currently writing legislation to force all states to accept concealed carry, Trump overturned legislation providing some restraints on people with mental health issues having guns.  The mendacious hypocrisy of the GOP is astonishing still.  Vote out the GOP and NRA every chance you get.", "At the very, very least...background checks & registration for EVERY gun purchase...especially at gun shows. I was raised around guns and taught to respect them and how to handle them. And I will not join the NRA...ever. There is no argument they can come up with that would convince me that the current gun laws are sufficient, or need to be even more lax. I am disappointed that, with all the red flags that were flying regarding this kid's bizarre behavior, the FBI seemed to be so impotent regarding this situation.", "The issue of who knew is not the issue,  who is responsible for the kid is the issue. Does he have parents, or guardians, or did the state take over as a minor.   Where are his parents, if this kid has had issues his whole life  then were are the shrinks,, psychologists et al who all knew there was an issue here.  Society cannot be responsible for every deviant out there. There is no collective mechanism in place to do that.   But...... it seems everyone knew about this kid!... and it was an issue of NIMBY. \n\nAs an aside. I have no issue with guns  only ones that  are    built for assault on humans during wars that are in civilian hands. ", "The real mental health problem in the US (specifically, members of the NRA) is stupidity. Guns kill people, if people have access to guns. It may be a simple concept to grasp, but it is still too hard for the gun nuts.", "Red flags...you can't put someone in jail for being unhappy. But you can stop him from getting a gun. He LEGALLY purchased the AR-15. ", "How can a person identified as a \"troubled teen\" get his/her hands on an assault weapon? Only in our \"gun-crazy\" culture can this happen. Last week, when our state and his family suffered the loss of another police officer, I asked if it was time to rewrite the Second Amendment. Today, I am answering my own question. Yes! The Second Amendment has outlived its purpose.", "Why are we having this conversation again, after so many episodes?\nSo much heart-wrenching pain, so many hollow words and promises.\nCan't someone please stop this horror?\nPlease?", "It is easy to repeat like a parrot \" mental health, mental health \" , like Trump and Scott do. If your answer to the shootings is the mental health issue, well,\nmental heath requires Money, resources, trained professionals, FUNDING!!", "When I cried, I shed tears for the 17 poor souls and the countless future victims we will mourn again in yet another school shooting. We\u2019re sending our kids to school everyday, knowing it\u2019s a matter of when not if it happens again. \n\nOur lobby bought Congress is to blame. Blood is on their hands.", "Donal Trump and the Republicans keep saying that the shooter was mental and tat was the problem. On Feb 28, 2018 Trump and the Republican Congress REVOKED Obama's law that made it very hard for the mentally ill to buy guns.  Does this recent killing by a mentally ill boy make Trump and Republicans complicit? I say it does. Vote for Democrats in 2018. We need to take back life.", "I don't care whether the man is mentally ill, or completely lucid. This country needs to take extreme measures on controlling the sales of guns and gun parts. These would be no more extreme than the measures the NRA takes to do the opposite. Simply because of 5 words in the 2nd Amendment (\"the right to bear arms\") are taken out of context, we wouldn't have this type of situation. I don't care about any slick slogans they have, or the extreme measures they use, I simply think (and know in my gut) one simple truth: We have too many firearms available in the United States of America. It is also the simplicity with which they are so ubiquitous here.  I compare it to the \"Opioid Crisis\", as people refer to it.  If it is readily available, the people closest to the drugs like pharmaceutical opioids = doctors, pharmacists, and medical personnel are the first to become addicted. Illegal drugs, such as heroin, follow the same protocol. Those closest to them are going to be the first to abuse them.\n\nWatch the NRA closely over the next few days. You can bet the house their \"Crisis Team\" will show up and schedule a demonstration, or rally to coincide with all the (opportunist) bereaved parties candle-lit watches, prayer vigils or something or this nature. It is the NRA's core method.  If they had their way, every baby born would be issued a gun license when they are given a social security number.", "It\u2019s a good thing there are 300 million guns in the US, otherwise us Canadians would come down there and take all your stuff. The British asked us to invade the minute you let your guard down. \n\nSure I\u2019m only kidding but that\u2019s what the rifle association wants you to believe. And they\u2019re doing an incredible job. ", "We have here the predictable account of this week's Massacre du Jour. \n\nThe dramatic account of the killing rampage told by eye-witnesses.\n\nThe touching stories of the victims, sad enough to make readers cry.\n\nThe murderer's troubled history.\n\nThe idiotic attempt to ascertain a \"motive\" for the latest irrational savagery.\n\nThe thoughtful and often passionate letters from NY Times readers suggesting the desperate need for changes in the gun laws.\n\nYet as long as we have a Congress whose members need to raise thousands of dollars a day from donors like the NRA to cling to the power that apparently is more appealing than the needs of the people they represent, NOTHING will change. (And this includes the Democrats who have at this point done little to craft a coherent, compelling message for voters in November beyond the assertion that \"Trump is really bad for America.\")\n\nWhatever you think of Bernie Sanders, he presented such a compelling message of what he thought government should do for its people that he almost unseated the powerful and very-well-funded frontrunner for the Democratic nomination without taking corporate money.\n\nHe made his case to ordinary voters and millions became his campaign donors.\n\nWhere are the Congressional candidates that have learned from Sanders and are willing to go to the people with their message and request for financial support?\n\nOnly a national movement by and for the people of America can take the power away from the NRA and its minions.", "\u201cThe Village\u201d should have put him down a long time ago, like a rabid dog. If his family will not control him and opts instead to unleash him onto the rest of us and our children, they should have ended him sooner. The need was obvious. Yes, I\u2019m sorry, but it\u2019s come to that. ", "Oh, geez, he showed all the signs?!  How about he was 19 years old and he owned an assault rifle?! Dear God, who are we kidding?!  Like the meme says, there are people all over France and Germany and Spain and Ireland and England, and... showing \"all the signs\" and they're not dumping a couple hundred rounds into their classmates. Maybe we can't legislate away murder but we certainly legislate to contain this level of carnage. Anyone...everyone...who hides behind the right to bear arms, or seeks to solve this problem only with prayer is complicit in these acts.", "No more excuses.  We must do the right and the honorable thing here and that is to protect the lives of innocent people and children.\n\nI don't want to hear a word about mental illness, or the lack of safeguards within the mental health industry.  I don't want to hear more nonsensical garbage from the NRA, or from our morally deficient, pretend president.\n\nI want all of us to understand what is really at stake here:  our safety and that of our children.  We all have a right to the quiet enjoyment of our lives, and not to live in fear.  \n\nGet rid of the guns.  No excuses.", "Note that most gun owners don't belong to the NRA just as most doctors don't belong to the AMA. ", "The world is watching this country sink like a brick through clear water. And turning away in both horror and pity. We\u2019re done. The American Experiment is a complete failure. Greed and corruption are not attributes. Accept it. ", "This morning I saw something very disturbing on social media about this shooter's anti-Semitism.  I would like to see reporting that digs into this issue further: are those reports true?  To what extent did anti-Semitism play into this young man's choice to murder?", "If djt had a heart and really wanted to stop gun violence he should have immediately directed all Republican members of Congress who accepted NRA money in any form to board Air Force One to Parkland MSD H.S. to view the carnage there.  A missed opportunity by  totally blind fools in the W.H. and why?\nthe NRA owns them all.", "Who cares about his background? No one goes through childhood or adulthood unscathed. So instead mass murderers are labeled as having mental health issues. I am sympathetic to their backgrounds but the real issue is the easy availability to guns to far too many people with so-called mental health issues. It's absolutely absurd. People are sitting ducks in movie theaters, schools, restaurants, malls, outdoor rallies, sporting events. Everyone should be safe. When one sees the amount of money politicians received from the NRA (http://fortune.com/2018/02/15/nra-contributions-politicians-senators/) - the same politicians who offer their thoughts and prayers after the fact but do nothing to make changes - it is absolutely sickening. Those with mental health issues AND a gun are creating PTSD in the rest of us! ", "It's horrifying how readily available guns are in the U.S., and how corrupt our congress and president appear to be in choosing to support laws that benefit only the NRA and its supporters, not the rest of us.\n\nAlso astounded that a parent would think it acceptable to take a group of teenagers to a cabin in the woods for a shooting weekend (not hunting--shooting)!! On top of that two participants show up with assault rifles and one is Mr. Cruz. Did the parent take these guns away or let all the other kids try them out. No parent I know would ever organize this type of outing for anyone, let alone young adults.", "trump said that he could go down the Fifth Avenue shoot someone, and he still would be elected. Yes, and he is right; I guess money can buy anything. Mr. Cruz does not have money, so his life is over.", "Again, what we are seeing is deflect and shift the blame on another group, the mentally ill.  Mentally ill people are found in every country of the world, yet none of them have slaughter after slaughter of children, babies, and innocent folks on a regular basis.  The hypocrisy of Trump and the GOP who claim they strongly support law enforcement is nonsense as every time we have gun violence, they are put in harm's way responding to that call.  Oftentimes, they too are the victims of this senseless carnage we have.  If you put children and innocent people, along with our law enforcement officers at great risk, then you are as guilty as those with the finger on the trigger.  Silence and inaction translates into complicity.  This applies to everyone in this bribed GOP that takes money from the NRA and gun lobby for one purpose only...to protect them and their interest, not our citizens.  Change is in the air, we must take back our government from these accomplices who serve these merchants of death.  You can't be silence anymore, you have to stand up to folks like Trump, Rubio, McCain, and the whole GOP who refuse to do their job.  When they can abolish a rule that banned mentally ill people from buying guns, then their whole \"mental health\" line falls apart.  They rather blame the mentally ill then blame the NRA and Gun Lobby.  After all, the mentally ill has no real political power, but they do have buying power now to buy guns which is what this really is about...MONEY.", "Meanwhile Mr. Trump, what was your response to one of your own employees tendency towards violence? ", "\"The shootings have become routine. Our reactions to them have become routine. Exhortations from political leaders to not let the shootings become routine have also become routine.\"\n\nSaying gun control hurts our freedom is a false argument amounting to propaganda. Gun laws don't curtail freedom any more than speed limits or seat belts. You still get to drive your car and have guns, we're just trying to save lives as you do.\u201d \n\nAlso, while we grapple once more with common sense gun control, we also ought to grapple with another issue regarding guns.  Namely, the reasons America has more guns per ca pita than any other country in the world. With a better understanding of that, we might be able to address\nsome underlying societal problems having to do with our gun culture that's also problematic but goes unnoticed.", "Gun manufacturers have marketed the AR-15 and similar rifles as effective instruments for killing large numbers of people in a combat setting.  A large number of so-called adults have been influenced by this marketing in recent years, providing a rationale for the gun lobby to claim that ownership of assault rifles is normal. Even sporting. \n\nSocieties choose what is normal and acceptable, whether it's smoking, sexual harassment or gun ownership.  Hunting and target shooting are legitimate past-times. Owning guns because you think you can carry out a preemptive strike against a bad guy or our elected government is preposterous, and such behavior has proven harms for you, your families, and your neighbors. Gun owners of the U.S, take note: more and more of your fellow citizens recognize you for what your are: immature and fearful.  Not exactly in keeping with the image the gun industry sold you on.", "Raise the tax on guns to pay for school metal detectors and armed security. Selfish assault gun owners should have the right to keep and bear arms only after our children are guaranteed the right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.", "The finger of blame should be pointed directly back to all of us - citizens of the United States - for permitting such a deadly culture of gun ownership and gun violence to be acceptable, under the deliberate guise of a constitutional right.  So let us all just shut up - including the media - and just accept that this is the society we live in, and nothing can be done.  Because, really, nothing can be done in a country where the number of guns in private hands exceed the number of people.", "Trump signed legislation last year, sponsored by Senator Chuck Grassley, removing the obstacle for people with mental health issues from getting their hands on deadly firearms. Now both Trump and Grassley say the attention should be on mental health in addressing the Parkland tragedy.  Both say nothing about the fact that they were central to the legislation that allows mentally ill people to access weapons. The Trump White House has even refused to release the photograph showing Trump signing the legislation last year. That\u2019s how ashamed Trump is of what he did but it will not stop him from co to young to be a stooge of the NRA who gave him $20 million like so many other Republican NRA stooges. ", "Mental illness is a useless way to control gun violence. 99.999% of the time or greater it is not possible to know if anyone, with or without \"mental illness,\" whether \"diagnosed\" or not will commit violence, often with a gun, and people change per current circumstances. 99.999% of the time it is obvious to just look at an object and know it's a gun. Control aspects of guns - types, ammunition, and access. I live in a state where it is law that people can NOT be required to register a gun or show they know how to use one. Our elected and appointed officials are shameless fools running errands for the gun lobby and manufacturers. ", "Hours after this shooting, I had two different memes on my Facebook feed. One said the shooter was an Antifada Liberal involved in far left causes, and the other said he was a Right Wing Zealot involved in far right causes. This was before there were any facts out about who he was. Many people get their \u201cnews\u201d from social media. This is a real problem. If the Russians didn't create these memes, they most certainly applauded them. ", "The first line of defense would have been denying him guns due to these red flags.  Since Trump killed that option, what are the alternatives?  Involuntary incarceration comes to mind.  I'm not thinking of anything else that convinces me.  Seems much more humane to all to not let this guy have the guns.  At least make him do criminal work to get them, create some hurdle.  Anything would at least help.  But Tramp blames the neighbors and takes no responsibility for his own action  - what Trump did to enable this was not subtle.  He literally killed the rule that kept guns out of the hands of the mentally ill and he did a dog and pony show to aggrandize himself over it.  Trump is the thrill seeker that poisons aspirins at the factory - it makes him feel powerful to be responsible for these killings by the mentally it appears.", "Every nation has disturbed individuals.   We are unusual in allowing them to have AR-15's.", "There are lots of people around the world with mental heath issues, the difference it that bizarrely in America these people have access to guns. This is the only developed Western country without strict gun laws.   Like all the horrible school shootings that have happened over the past few years AND the numerous awful ones to come, the GOP/NRA and Donald Trump own these.  We have to face that this is what they have chosen for America", "THis is NOT a mental health issue. It IS a gun control issue. Wake up citizens.", "Here is the NRA's stance on guns for the mentally ill; supported by the Mitch.\nhttps://www.judiciary.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/National%20Rifle%20Associ...\\\nTrump also rescinded President Obama's ruling on gun availability to the mentally ill, do his wish to do something about the mentally ill is one more of his lies, and not solution to the problem.\nthe problem is getting rid of semi-automatic weapons.  It seems to me if you are so paranoid about your neighbors or the government wanting to harm you  or your property just because you're you, mental illness is already a part of your profile---the mere act of needing a semi  is a indicator of mental illness\nmanifested as extreme paranoia in my opinion.", "I am loathe to lecture from so far away but it seems to me that America can make itself safer from these mass murders by either (a) identifying those mentally ill individuals who are most likely to kill; or (b) limiting anyone's access to the military-style weapons that make mass murder so easy to commit.  Let's face it, in terms of pure practicality, only (b) is achievable. In my country, mental illness is just as serious an issue as it is in yours and we are no better at dealing with violent, mentally-disturbed individuals. But we have tight gun control laws, and because of that, our streets, schools and homes are far, far safer than yours. So what do you value the most? The right to carry an assault rifle or the safety of your kids at school?", "Since the NRA has the GOP in its hip pocket giving hundreds of millions in campaign contributions ( Thanks Citizens United and Roberts' SCOTUS), \n\nI have zero confidence that the current GOP controlled Congress and WH will lift a finger to enact any common sense gun laws.\nIn fact, this administration rolled back Obama regulations making it harder for mentally ill to purchase guns. In fact, even people on the no fly lists can purchase guns.\n\nIf people are finally serious about getting effective, common sense gun laws, the only remedy is to vote the bums out and never let them back in power.\n\nOn a related note- my understanding is that most rank and file NRA members are in favor of common sense gun laws. ", "The FBI did NOT have shooter's IP address.  Look it up.  The FBI would have needed a supoena to obtain the IP address and they did not believe the complaint met the threshold required.\n\nYou people posting that the FBI had an IP address need to get your information from reliable sources, not Rush Limbaugh.", "Oh so it is everyone else's responsibility to report whoever seems crazy, but as usual, the politicians taking money from the NRA have no responsibility for anything but lining their own pockets.  This system and these politicians need to go and the NRA needs to be labeled a terrorist organization that takes money from foreign governments. ", "It's a good thing so many at that school were wearing their 2nd Amendment vests, or the toll could have been so much worse...My God, what a deplorable country we have become...", "Mr.President,\n\nPlease talk about gun restrictions, as this is your chance to prove to us that you are mentally sound. ", "Where and WHOsold this gun to this child?", "We need Federal  gun control. Certain yokel states have demonstrated that they can't handle this. ", "27 murders per 1 million inhabitants in the US, 7 in Switzerland, 2 in Germany. Where is nation of weaklings is easy to say. No brain but what to shoot ...", "This man was clearly mentally ill, from every comment available from everyone who knew him.  Who in his family and community thought he should have a weapon?  THAT is the problem, not that we \"need more laws\".  Heroin and coke are illegal, and I ASSURE you people at that school have access to them.  Laws stop nothing (murder was illegal, it didn't stop him).  Would you have been ok with the mass murder had he used a bomm instead?  So the implement is NOT the issue.  The issue is an immoral, lazy society that demands \"someone ELSE should DO something!\".  America was never meant for your ilk.  \"Those who would give up essential liberty for a little perceived security deserve and will have neither.\" -attributed to B.Franklin.", "But he got guns legally.  End of discussion.  You holier than thou legislators talking about mental health -- wipe the blood off your hands.", "This is so predictable it's both boring and sad.  Lot's of people in this world have had difficult childhoods, are rage-prone and are otherwise a bit deranged.  Only in the wonderful USofA do these nuts have access to guns.  Hence, this happens almost exclusively in the USofA.\n\nPrayer won't do any good, repealing the 2nd ammendment will.\n\nBy the way, it seems that a mentally disturbed man with bad and erratic behavior (and funny hair) is regularly seen in the White House's Oval Office, a man who has claimed on social media that he has a huge nuclear button on his desk, which apparently is bigger and better than someone else's (what a man!).  Am I dreaming or has America put, not a gun, but nuclear weapons in the hands of a nut?  Should he be reported to the authorities again and again?", "He showed Red Flags, but his skin was White.\n\nSo he could not possibly be a terrorist.  Unless he were Dick Cheney, GW Bush, GHW Bush, or Bibi Netayahoo.", "He was also raised in a patriarchal society which teaches its' males that it is in their rights to have power over others and if they don't get it, it is their right to seek revenge.  We see it all the time in movies, television shows, books, and video games.  I can't watch prime-time television or go to most movies because I have decided to avoid violence.  \n\nI didn't make this up.  It is in the book The Gender Knot: Untangling Our Patriarchal Legacy by Allan G Johnson.  He explains that we have to name this problem to solve it.  Why do you think only white men are mass shooters?    \n\nI heard this morning that he was obsessed with a girl to the point of stalking and I wonder what role this played in his actions.  Yes, his family was disturbed but he has been steeped in our violent culture then allowed access to automatic weapons and caches of bullets.  \n\nWe are living in a recipe for disaster.  Wake up, America!  \n\np.s.  Let's hear more of the story that came out a few weeks ago of Russia funneling money to the RNC through the NRA.  Follow the money.    ", "Boycott all national chain stores that sell assault weapons and accessories. Walmart. Dick\u2019s. Cabela\u2019s. Starve the Beast!", "Maybe if the FBI spent less time in politics and more time fighting crime and protecting us from these wackos there would have been action on all those red flags.", "You Americans will talk about  everything except the gun itself being the problem.You have a national gun fetish.\nThere will always be mentally ill people. You will always be gun fetishists.", "So--just as with Nancy Lanza--we have a mother unable or refusing to recognize the profound dysfunction of her child, and enabling his illness by buying or providing to him the funds to buy guns.\n\nThe Washington Post story states--in contradiction to other news reports--that Nikolas was two when he was adopted.  Likely a spectrum of congenital problems here that a nice older couple was entirely unprepared to manage, especially since they*d taken his two-month-old brother at the same time.  And during their early years the adoptive father died and Mrs. Cruz was managing--quite poorly, apparently--on her own.\n\nAnd the hypocrisy and driven agenda of the NY Times is fully on display here.  Nikolas Cruz, age 19, is a man, while Michael Brown, age 18, was a teenager?\n\nSorry.  This is not a case of *evil.*  This is likely a case--per yet another NY Times Science article--of yet another fetally-damaged child with subsequent failed parenting by the biological mother who*d already permanently-damaged him, handed over to a couple entirely unprepared for the challenges ahead.\n\nNikolas*s life was destroyed at the moment of conception; failed parenting allowed him to destroy all these many lives now.  Perhaps available services might not have helped, though surely there are laws against animal cruelty and he was killing and maiming them.  But parents who cannot acknowledge the extent of the damage in the first place open the door to hell.", "Make a threat against the president and the Secret Service will rightfully pounce on you. Make a threat as a potential \"school shooter\" and law enforcement investigates but only adds you to a list. Buy an assault weapon while on that list and unfortunately time ran out? ", "This country is sick to her bones when it comes firearms. Again and again, school shooting happened. If Sandy Hook could bring more sensible controls on firearms, I don't know what will.", "If I hear someone (like Trump) use the word \"evil\" again, I'm gonna scream!  This young man is autistic and mentally sick. He is NOT evil!\nEVIL would be the denial and prevention of universal health care for all.\nEVIL would be the unbridled availability and sale of these weapons of mass killing.", "After we get by \"...thoughts and prayers...\" we should call a crony capitalist industry fueled by repugnant lobbyists and a donor class of big money enablers what it is: a massive altar for sacrificial young people.", "It's time for the Australian fix for assault rifles. Make them illegal and pay market value then destroy them. Diehards with untraceable assault rifles can cosmoline them and bury in backyard in wait for the revolution.", "\"So many signs that the Florida shooter was mentally disturbed [...] classmates knew he was a big problem. Must always report such instances to authorities, again and again\"\n\nThis is a DISGUSTING comment by Mr. Trump, basically blaming children for knowing and not reporting, like it's their fault now.", "Our political leaders (I use that word \"leaders\" loosely) are all,  afraid of the NRA.  They are all, republicans and democrats, a  bunch of cowards!", "I think the \"mentally ill\" restriction on gun ownership may be more effective that is generally thought.\n\nTalking to someone or something that isn't there, but forgives your wrongdoings should qualify for mental illness. And that would let out all the Americans who think \"prayer\" actually does anything. Including a whole bunch of really troublesome politicians and government heads.", "This article is just a bunch of hearsay and innuendo.  This is a tragic story all around that centers around a very disturbed young man.  We need to wait until the facts are in before we start publishing all of the \"gossip.\"  Yes, let's talk about gun control and other ways we can work to prevent these events from ever happening again, but lets not sensationalize it to gain readership- very disappointed.", "they have 17 intelligent agencies in this wonderland, and yet they couldn't stop a psycho who openly threatened on social media to shoot everyone. I guess authorities are too busy deporting highly dangerous immigrants who dont stop at the traffic light or drive unlicensed. How much more stupid this country is gonna get?", "ATTENTION NYT readers:\nWatch the video of the court appearance of the accused accompanying this article then read this statement made by the author of this same said article.\n\"When he appeared via a jailhouse video hookup for his first court appearance on Thursday, the judge asked him whether he understood his circumstances.\n\n\u201cYes, ma\u2019am,\u201d he whispered.\"\n\nThen see for yourself who is a liar.  It's a lie, however white that it might be.", "I would point out that virtually every gun nut exhibits signs and displays all the red flags. Who would join a militia in Michigan or Texas and practice overthrowing our government, not a mentally fit individual. Who would own dozens of semi auto weapons, collectors or borderline psychotics. Who would spend hours every week at the local gun range practicing to killl, LEO\u2019s or red flaggers. This is the new norm America, you voted for it.", "When is this country going to start taking right wing terrorism seriously. \n\nThe leader of a white supremacist group that wants to expel minorities from Florida and make it a white \"ethno state\" embraced Cruz as part of his group, until he changed his mind.\n\nWhite supremacist terrorist organizations like the KKK have killed far more Americans than Muslim terrorists ever will. Then there is the anti abortion terrorists who have assassinated doctors and fire bombed clinics. \n\nThe idea that we should blame Islam for terror, slash our civil liberties with exceptions to the Bill of Rights, have a racist Muslim ban, while we pretend that all of these murders by members of white hate groups are acts of individual lunatics shows how institutional racism protects right wing terrorism.\n The president of the United States speaks in fluent white supremacist code. When a column of white supremacists carried torches chanting Nazi slogans, Trump called them \"fine people.\" This shooter had a MAGA hat. \n\nSo many people want to blame crime and violence on minorities. Even the \"liberal\" NY Times comment page, sounds like Fox News in the wake of police killing of a minority.\n\nLeft activists in this country, like native American water protectors are regularly violently attacked by law enforcement, but heavily armed white protesters are treated with kid gloves.\n\nRight wing terrorism, encouraged by our president, is the true danger to our country.\nStop worrying about ISIS and see the real threat.", "I hqv no idea how would actually feel if if one of the victims was my child about what I Am going to say- but this disgusting display of selfish governing must be stopped by any means- I do NOT know if I would have the courage to do this- but if he parents and families were able to have the strength to let pictures even videos of th bloody scene of strewn lifeless children to be made public, surely time and time again,  it would finally allow the public to ask if the congress can still look the families in the eye, the country as a whole in the eye and say \u201c here are my thoughts and prayers....\u201d if that had been done af Sandyhook, I think the public would be willing to garner enough strength to vote these congressional accomplises out of office.  I will however send my prayers to the families now, albeit in vein, as a parent praying for them during such unimaginable tragedy.  As a country we allowed the continuation of slaughter of our young men in Bietnam\nBecause of selfish politicians and pride- this is war on our children- and here we are again- ", "How many white males \"show every red-flag\" and do absolutely nothing like this shooter?\n\nThe F.B.I. defended it's incompetent inaction when the shooters' threatening school shooting social media threat was pointed out by disclaiming knowing when and where the shooter was going to strike and doubting that was his real name(it was). Next time the shooter should have the grace and good manners to send the F.B.I. an official invitation.  Forever, blind and ignorant will never do.\n\nWhile the notion of mental illness as being relevant to this shooting ignores the real probability of inhumane innate cruel human evil.", "There have been rumors that the Russians funneled money\nthrough the NRA to Trump's Campaign ?", " \"the F.B.I. never learned who posted the comment.\" But it was their job to learn who posted it. That task was not impossible, so why is it so hard to say \"the FBI dropped the ball\"? The comment had been on youtube! ", "\nTrump: \u201cThe Second Amendment [& the right to have arms] is on the ballot in November. \n\nThe only way to save our Second Amendment is to vote for a person that you all know named Donald Trump, OK?\n\nI will tell you. I will never let you down.\u201d\n\nMay 20, 2016: Trump's speech at the NRA Institute, thanking the NRA for their presidential endorsement", "Somebody used his own name (a name that at least in spelling is not at all common) to post that he wanted to be a professional school shooter. That was reported to the FBI but somehow they couldn't determine who that was. \n\nThis raises two points. The first is that \"see something, say something\" is meaningless is no one is listening. The second is that I fear the Republicans who now believe the FBI is a collection of idiots may just be right. ", "Guns and lunatics.  Take your pick.  Can\u2019t control a lunatic.  Can control who gets a gun.  We are ourselves crazy if we don\u2019t try to keep guns out of the hands of unstable people.  The kid\u2019s home life was intolerable but smart gun control would have prevented this.", "NBC NEWS  FEB 28 2017, 8:39 PM ET\n\nTrump Signs Bill Revoking Obama-Era Gun Checks for People With Mental Illnesses.\nPresident Donald Trump quietly sign a billgunx into law Tuesday rolling back an Obama-era regulation that made it harder for people\n with mental illnesses to purchase guns.\n\nThat\u2019s all folks. Oh, and he also is against domestic violence but the perpetrator can still work as a senior advisor at the White House with out full security clearence.", "Writing on comments on NYT or any other newspaper will NOT make one difference. If you really care to make a difference, do something.\nVolunteer and demonstrate in the front of every GOP lawmakers who are a puppet of NRA.\nOtherwise, this story is going to repeat again and again until Dotard Trump, or spineless Mitch or Ryan pays the price when one of their family members dies of gun violence.\nWe have become selfish and indifferent to this type tragedy. The sad reality check in today's America", "Mr. Cruz succumbed to the leg-hold trap within, yet another tortured child among us who defeated the good efforts of a world outside that just didn't reflect his inner hellish nightmare. Paranoid schizophrenia, fetal alcohol syndrome perhaps, treatment would have been like a bright clear dawn. ", "The blow hard strikes again...\nA year ago....\n\nNEWS  FEB 28 2017, 8:39 PM ET\n\nTrump Signs Bill Revoking Obama-Era Gun Checks for People With Mental Illnesses\n\nPresident Donald Trump quietly signed a bill into law Tuesday rolling back an Obama-era regulation that made it harder for people with mental illnesses to purchase a gun.\n\nWe have a winner here! Also he is against domestic violence but is willing to keep the perpetrator of the crime on staff in the White House with out full security clearance.\nThis is the president 62 million people voted for, and the GOP is protecting against the crime of obstruction of justice.", "This is a another tragedy brought by the NRA and a compliant GOP.  \n\nThe press including the NYT has got to stop focusing on the perpetrators, this is what they want, so stop rewarding them. It also encourages copycats.\n\nIt's time to call out all \"pro-life\" hypocrisy of many in congress and government, who care more about a fetus than living children and adults.  If they truly believe in the sanctity of of life they would do all they could to stop gun violence,.  Instead they just offer prayers ", "i'm sure there are many people who show \"Every Red Flag\" but don't go on a mass shooting spree with easy weapons (are we going to start locking them all up??) Las Vegas gun man didn't show any \"red flags\" ...\nThe common denominator is guns!\nAnd while we are on mental health- GOP does nothing about that anyway. And even takes money away from mental health issues ... I am sick of this. Blood is on hands of all those politicians taking money/ aligning themselves with NRA. ", "More thoughts and prayers --  when will lawmakers stop praying to the God of Mammon and start passing gun control legislation? ", "---The gutless, disingenuous politicians, who continue to either cite the 2nd amendment, or who are either afraid of, or beholding to, the gun lobby and the NRA, need to be removed from office. The American people need to take ownership of this issue at the ballot box. This should have been done after...Columbine. That it's still unresolved, and children are losing their lives 20 years later, is...a national shame, disgrace!", "Because that person in the White House has such strong dislike for former President Obama, who signed a law banning guns of any sort from the mentally ill,  he revoked it......he ( person in White House ) belongs on the mentally ill list.\nHow many more of these tragedies must happen before we stop allowing the NRA  to run our country.  Each and every time a mass shooting happens at a school, those republicans say, this is not the time to talk about it.  Really...so when is the time.", "The sadness and the rituals of mass shootings in the US. First the shooting, then images of those terrified, devastated people who survived and the families and friends of those who were murdered. Next, wait for the response from the president - once in a now seemingly distant past, in person, but now in tweets. Followed by the makeshift alters, the funerals. And in a parallel lockstep, the news coverage; the aftermath, the floor plans of the buildings, the angst about mental illness of the mass murderer, the realization (yet again) that the US mass shootings are not endemic to other civilized countries. And then, my comment post following an articulate, heart-felt article in the New York Times. ", "Why in the gods name do you publish this unfortunate man's name and face? Why are you making him a hero to others like him? He should be anonymous? His name should be The Killer and that's it...let his real name exist in the legal system. Let his image die like the fortunate people he killed.\n\nLabel him \"unfortunate\" because he is. Take him out of society, that is why we as a society created a legal system, prisons, and mental institutions. His affliction may be genetic so never let him procreate. \n\nLet him live, give him help, but never let him back with us. \n\nHe pulled the trigger more than once. He deserves every thing we can do to keep him away from us. Yes, I feel sorry for him but it is infinitesimal compared to the sadness I feel for those who lost their most loved and a country that wallows in guns and violence.  ", "There are many factors leading to this tragedy, most easily corrected if we, the people want to so:\n\n(1) AR-15s are of no use for hunting.  They are of no use for target shooting.  They were designed to kill people.\n\n(2) People wanting to do the \"right\" thing do dumb things instead.  A father took his son and others on an outing (good) but made \"shooting weapons a big part of the trip\u2019s allure. There were two AR-15s on the trip, and Mr. Cruz brought one of them.\"  (Bad)\n\n(3) Even after years of misbehavior and violent outbursts, Cruz still had no criminal record.  But his history was well known.  \u201cHe had trouble controlling his temper. He broke things. . . . I sent him home because he was misbehaving at our house and he took a golf club and smashed one of my trailers.\u201d  He was expelled from three schools.  He faced no consequences.\n\n(4) Even though given a screen grab of an outrageous YouTube comment, the FBI was too lazy/incompetent to investigate it meaningfully because  \"no other information was included in the comment which would indicate a particular time, location, or the true identity of the person who posted the comment\u201d .  No effort was made to request or subpoena YouTube's records of the user account!  \n\n(5) He was able to walk into a school not with a knife or a handgun, but an AR-15.  Can you say \"ineffective security?\"  \n\nLack of consequences NEVER improves behavior.  It ALWAYS feels good to forgive and accept -- but that nevers solves a problem. ", "This maniac is another example of how parents and the schools he attended FAILED!!!   Parents when they were alive had to have been low-class people who could care less bout their child.   Teachers - pushed him through just to get rid of him.    With his violent history, he should have been put away long ago.    \n\nWith all the guns he had = why didn't someone turn him in???   They all knew he was a mental case.\n\nGun control is a farce - however, anyone who really wants to buy a gun can get one -- without having to go through the process.......drug not only sell drugs, they sell guns too!", "Obama was president for 8 years? Why didn't he do anything?", "Anyone with an obsession with guns is mentally ill. There, I just made it really easy to keep guns out of the hands of the mentally ill.", "\"How could anything have been done\" to prevent this sort of American terrorism?  Maybe part of the answer is for the American media to start calling the school shooters \"terrorists\"?  Does U.S. media have it in them to print the truth about school shooters and other American mass murderers?  ", "All this 2nd Amendment stuff is a nonsense. Everyone knows that.", "Whatcha bet there's a big increase in voting next November by 18-year olds in Broward County? Do-nothing legislators take notice: your days in office are numbered. ", "Homegrown.  American.  Terrorist.\nSo much talk about \"mental illness\" and asking \"but why?\".\n\nIf the dude was brown, NOT A WORD OF THAT WOULD BE HEARD, but we would see endless dissection of his connection to the tiniest sliver of ANYTHING that could even vaguely suggest FOREIGN TERROR. ", "America Loves Guns! America Loves School Shootings! \n\nShow me otherwise?", "I still don't understand why we lavish attention on the pathetic lives of these mass murderers. I think it's a big motivating factor, the desire to be famous, to be the center of attention. How about \"no more pictures of them\" and \"no more naming them and publishing extensive examinations of the minutiae of their personal troubles and travails.\"\n\nOh, I know - people love reading about this stuff. Admit it - you're here aren't you? It's murder porn and America seems to love it.", "Maybe we shouldn't let super old people adopt children?  The father was 67 in 2004?  Did they get him overseas, looking for a white child with a biological brother? Did y'all see the arrest photo, where he is on the ground with his powder-blue undies peeking out, looking like the clown who shot up the movie theater with the dyed hair and makeup?  Looks like the hospital really got him cleaned up to look like a \"regular\" kid by the time he was walked into the police station still in his hospital gown.\n\nThe worst thing the media can do is to \"normalize\" these young killers.  Call it what it is -- a seed gone bad, for whatever reason. No sympathy, no pity, unless you want more lost souls acting out to get the same.  The media spend soooo much time glamorizing the Las Vegas shooter -- trying to \"understand\" him -- in the end, he got the attention he wanted.  This one too.  Except he forgot to take himself out, as well.\n\nYou can never make society safety-proof.  Teach children that these types are creeps -- what they cost us in 14 young lives, and 3 working hard -- is the shame of it.  Who cares why this one went wrong?  Let him rest in peace, without the glamourous media attention.  Somebody said they should set these mass killers who survive on fire after conviction, so others would be forewarned the pain they will get for the pain they cause...\n\nI'm  not there, but I know that he doesn't have my sympathy.  Rich adopted mentally ill boy gone bad... who killed so many others.", "Here in Britain today if the whole thing has not been so sad it would have been comical to hear NRA reasons as to why the tragedy has happened ...nothing to do with guns...all to do with Mental Health...how the deluded talk.\n\nIf there are so many kids that have problems then it is a good enough reason to ban guns...anybody who goes around shooting innocent people obviously have a problem.\n\nIn my country one tragedy horrified the country...and the public...Government and Newspapers were all in support of a ban.\n\nSadly your President looked a total fool stating how your kids have a right to education safely ...but not once mentioning the terrible gun crime in your country or any mention of banning guns.\n\nFrightening.", "No NYT. There was one huge Red Flag. An 18 year-old purchased an AR-15 and was in society. The families should go after this self-righteous police chief who is responsible for protecting the community but ignored someone in town wielding with a device intended to rapidly kill masses of people.\nAnother note: how is a gun shop owner going to insure the purchaser is not mentally ill? Get his permission to request his psyche records? And what is he looking for in those 200 pages? Depression, anxiety, bipolar, suicidal, OCD? ", "The NRA must be outlawed, their staff and leaders jailed. They serve no legitimate purpose in our society and have not for decades.\nhttps://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2014/05/nra-guns-second-amendmen... ", "#NationalSchoolWalkout to protest the massacres, to demand action to protect our children.", "Not only was the shooter a supporter of this president seen on instagram with a RED make America hate again hat, but this...\nNotably, a white supremacist organization called the Republic of Florida admitted on Thursday that Cruz was associated with the group, according to the Anti-Defamation League.\n\nThere you have it folks.", "Its obvious what happened here a mentally disturbed teen with no stable father and strugling mother was acting up and eventhough many classmates and neighbors saw the problems and even social media and others saw what was going on in this teens life no one would step up to try to get him help or mental evaluations people are quick to say it was the guns fault when in reality it was lack of people steping up to help teens with problems reported evaluated and dealt with in the proper way .. It brings tears to my eyes that this happened i am a father of 4 and love my children and wish to see them well and coming home from school i work and love to come home to my family... This natiom is broken hate runs rabbit within the races and hate is tearing this nation appart racism has peaked this couple of years the schools children suffer from neglect and lack of being understood they are taking away god from schools and from pledge and from bills and constitution ... If this jeeps going at this rate where will we be in 10 years how many more things as such can happen... We need to love and nuruish the youth protect the values of this nations founders and love and have god in our lifes it is a nation under god we have seen god work in the many disaters that happen... Let this not happen again dont blame guns blame the people for not seeing not loving not carring not understanding not reporting and not acting... God bless you all may Jesus love fill your hearts..", "Let's be perfectly honest here. This problem, like most other in this county, have underlying facets of race and racism.  Imagine, if you can, a young black man with similar red flags showing him to be a potential threat to society being allowed to go his merry way, making personal threats to people around him, posting violent-laden pronouncements, posing online with weapons, training with hateful, para-military groups.  No way, right.  Many urban cities where black-on-black crime is rampant have gang intervention groups, community-centered programs, etc., to engage young males at risk.  Profiling is a natural to the police.  Until law enforcement departments, from the local police to the FBI, are willing to show the same interest in these young white males, who are the perpetrators of the vast majority of these mass murders, many more people will die.  If young black males can be profiled for wearing sagging pants, tattoos, or even driving expensive cars, why can't law enforcement agencies profile these potential mass murderers.  Since the intended targets of many of these young, white males are other whites, why don't we call it what it is.. white-on-white crime?  Ever hear that word?  Of course not.  Such a designation would infer that just maybe there's something inherently wrong with white culture.  And considering it's important to the dogma of white supremacy to make it seem only Blacks and other minorities are inherently violent, we can't have that.  Can we?", "No one should be able to buy an AR-15 weapon. Period. No one should be able to own any military style weapons.  All military style weapons should be returned to the police. Australia did a recall of all weapons after a mass shooting and there haven't been any since then. America must take drastic action now to stop these murders!!! ", "More our Govt reduce spending on education, health care and other social safety net and social mobility measures, more we will see such kids, teens and adults taking up guns and taking part in such mass shootings, besides increase other types of crimes.\nBut no NRA lobbyist Congressmen seem to care and/or have that much education and commonsense to understand it.  ", "Yes, we need much more mental health care. But without the guns, this kind of mass murder in such a short time is just not possible. Nobody needs an assault rifle. Period. You argue there are millions of them already out there? Outlaw them anyway, with an amnesty period and a generous buyback, after which possessing one will carry jail time. Melt them down to create memorials to the fallen, or to build schools.", "The question for any politician running for office this fall should not be, \"What are you going to do about assault weapons?\" The question this fall should be, \"What have you DONE about assault weapons?\"", "One thingbthat always worries me, that after incidents like this there is a rush of hysteria, and a call to supersede civil rights, as though there are a hundred thousands kids like Cruz just waiting in the wings for that moment when insanity wins out over sanity well, really there\u2019s not. You can count on the fingers of one hand the number of teenagers who in the long history of the United States have shot up a school. Everything about Cruz\u2019s life is very unique, a orphan who is adopted and becomes a second orphan. Never give up one single civil right ever for whatever reason . As  Benjamin Franklin said: those who would give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety.", "And since the gunman \"showed every red flag\" and still was able to massacre his teachers and classmate is why limiting the debate to mental health is disingenuous.  Folks let's talk about gun control and not just background checks, instead it should include limiting the places guns can be purchased and the ways they are used, the types of weapons that can be obtained, and the places where you are able to take them.  Yes, there are entrenched interests that will oppose this at every turn, but the pressure builds and builds over time and then change happens, often quickly.  It is time to keeping turning the pressure up and pushing for change.  It is coming.", "My 'flash of rage' is with our ineffectual government: it is endangering all of us, and for what? For what?\n\nPass gun control legislation now. Better background checks is a palliative. Pass gun control legislation now.\n\nWe want our kids to stop dying now.", "Once again, we are reminded how well thoughts and prayers work. How much sadness and anguish do we, as a nation, have to endure before we demand action?\n\nA major opportunity for getting some reasonable gun control at a national level will come in November, when we can vote the NRA-funded accessories to child murder, OUT OF OFFICE. But, unless there\u2019s another horrible shooting shortly before election day, we\u2019ll probably forget about the bloodshed of innocents, stay home from the polls, and let the criminals get reelected. Then we can continue to ease our consciences by thinking and praying rather than acting and voting. Will we then, also be accessories to child murder?\n\nTHE ONLY THING NECESSARY FOR THE TRIUMPH OF EVIL IS THAT PEOPLE OF GOOD WILL DO NOTHING.", "Want to start to fix this problem? If Congress and the President do, the first thing they would do would be to add a special tax on guns and all related products. This tax would in turn cover all the costs related to such crimes and that would include burials and the related life insurance, health care costs, police and ambulance costs, special security costs etc., etc., etc. Once those who seem to have a need to have a killing tool pay for all of the related costs, just like those of us who drive pay for roadways and car insurance, then maybe the leaders of the nation will be able to learn what these costs really are and then in order to make a lot of taxpayers happier they would have to fix this mess.", "There has always been a percentage of the population that truly suffers with mental illness of a very serious nature.  In forty years of working as a librarian in all kinds of public settings, including a school, I recognized this.  The difference is a gun in the hand of a person who is irrationally angry, or distraught or delusional.  It is morally reprehensible that the rights of gun owners have superseded the health and safety of our citizens.  Into the ear of every Senator and every Representative who opposes gun control, I would whisper: \u201cWhat if that person belonged to you?\u201d", "A mental illness problem? Only for the bought and paid for Paul Ryan and Marco Rubio who have an obsessive disorder with love of NRA money. Parents across America should know that for $3 million Paul Ryan and Marco Rubio will do nothing to protect your children at school, the movies or a ballpark.\nUnfortunately, they are not the only representatives bought by the NRA.\nThere needs to be a full investigation and public disclosure of NRA donors and who they give their money to. There needs to be public disclosure of how our representatives have voted on gun legislation. Note to Bernie Bros.\nAnd if Americans really care, they/we need to get off our sofas and VOTE.\nAlso, 2 questions: Why was the FBI not able to find the shooter after he posted his very direct threat on YouTube? Was it too hard?\nWhy was the shooter not caught while exiting the school building? It was an active shooter situation and he had a rifle! Weren't the students or their backpacks searched? ", "This event will be forgotten within a week. After the Las Vegas massacre, we  couldn't even eliminate the \"bump stock\" device used to increase the rapid rate of fire for a semi-automatic rifle. Congress is a joke. And the joke is on us.\n\nWe've heard lots of shoulds: we should do this, we should do that, etc. But nothing gets done. \n\nAs a former soldier and law enforcement person, I am steadfast about the elimination of war weapons like the AR15 in the hands of ordinary citizens. Every police chief should be as well. But we don't hear from them. These weapons have been turned on police at various times.\n\nThe minimum thing Trump could have done was form a Task Force on School  Violence. Instead, we got a teleprompter, written for him speech, until the next time.", "I recall reading that as a youth President Trump exhibited behavioral problems which led to his parents enrolling him in a high-priced private academy. Would that all families had access to the kind expensive care needed to take care of their loved ones, and would that our President was denied access to guns and malicious tweets.", "Let's be direct. School shooting and for that matter all shooting will continue to be part of American life as long as we do have the notion that all people are protected by the second amendment and that it can not be repealed or updated to reflect the realities of the twenty first centenary. The individual citizen no longer requires a weapon for protection in our modern society and the vast majority if Americans do not carry weapons. Legal use of guns are for sports and hunting. I own a gun and have used it for this purpose for years.\nWhat is needed today is gun regulation. We need to register guns, show proof of how to intelligently use the gun before a license can be issued, require all gun owners to comply and legally inforce this requirement just as we inforce having a driver's license, felons can never own a gun and if caught with one they will receive mandatory prison time and the owner loses the right to own future weapons.\nGuns collections owners have to prove their collection have been disabled with bolts removed.\nAny action short of intelligent gun control and regulation will never solve the problem and we will continue to see these tragic events that have become so common in American life. It is time our elected leaders realize they work for the American people and not special interest groups. ", "If I remember correctly, a young Donald Trump was sent to a military school after years of acting out, throwing objects in class, and reportedly punching a teacher. After a campaign of bullying and consistently inciting violence against others, he is hardly the person to lecture us on mental health and stability. Clearly, this young man had a terrible and troubled life. In other countries, where common sense prevails, he would never had access to military grade technology, and caused the carnage that he did. It is time that we joined together, and demand that our politicians deliver accessible mental and health care, and common sense gun safety laws. ", "Commenters aren't wrong to blame our gun rights lobby for making it harder to prevent disturbed individuals from conducting mass shootings.  But the problem within our culture goes much deeper than that.  As a nation that prizes individualism, we are becoming a society of narcissists.  The problem isn't mental illness.  There have always been mentally ill people among us - and how many people do you know who are perfectly sane?  No.  These are atrocities that are committed by center-of-the-universe types who will inflict unlimited amounts of suffering on others in order to assuage their own internal pain.  As a society we have a great deal of work to rebuild communitarian spirit and to put less emphasis on everybody's a winner, self-esteem child rearing.", "Others here can argue about guns I want to comment about the difficulty in getting help for children before they harm themselves or others. The facts as anyone who has dealt with mental health services, protective services and school systems knows is that they are set up to do the least possible for most troubled children. Coordinating between them is an exercise in futility, getting help without excellent insurance coverage runs from difficult to impossible and CPS will only deal with cases that are the most extreme. We talk and talk, we have laws regarding neglect and abuse that are often ignored and because its all so very difficult to deal with we put our collective heads in the sand and hope it goes away. Then one day a deeply troubled young man takes an easily available gun and uses it. The warning signs were there and clear. Everyone around him from schools to neighbors to medical personnel ignored them. That\u2019s the default action almost anywhere in the USA, schools have policies and mission statements but neither the will nor resources to act on them, Child Protective Services has the laws and regulations to act but neither the resources or employees with the skills to effectively help. This is a societal problem exasperated by a hyper individualism that refuses to accept that we are social animals. I\u2019ve seen the consequences of this on a personal level and it will take a community level response to end this cycle of damage and harm. Time to stop looking away!", "We can\u2019t continuously read the minds and moods of three hundred million people. We can far more effectively reduce the carnage by wresting military grade weaponry from their murderous toolkit. No civilian needs large capacity clips, rapid fire long guns or armor piercing ammo. If we expect the police to arrest, detain or otherwise prevent the antisocial from acting on their impulses, we must give them the legal tools to intervene. Buying a gun should be harder than getting a drivers license. Owning a mass casualty weapon, harder than becoming a commercial pilot. Of course we must radically improve mental heath related resources. Naturally, legislators should also write laws that improve the odds of intervention. Most importantly, it\u2019s time to stop deluding ourselves into believing that the mass production, promotion and unlimited distribution of mass casualty weaponry isn\u2019t the true root cause of all these modern tragedies. ", "Protocols for most schools in case of active shooter is run, hide, and fight. What additional protocols should be in place for teachers or professors who are in these types of situations? Teachers training isn't the worse but it's not the most effective either to just hide, run and wait for the perpetrator to be attained. If the perpetrator does end up in your classroom what do you do? In my opinion there should be protocols or other types of protection system in addition to protect the teachers themselves, and at the same time helping them defend their students in the class if the perpetrator happens to get into their classroom. I'm not saying that teachers should carry or have lethal weapons in their classrooms but I feel as if teachers should have a contraption that can help them fight if the situation arises. An idea I had in mind was to have some sort of long range taser in a mounted extinguisher type cabinet with security alarm. Yes, students may try to tamper with the cabinet but that's why security should be placed. Obviously students should not have any access to the boxes only trained professionals. As teachers you're expected to take care of your class. I understand that certain individuals would panic and probably not use it or forget about it. If I were in this situation I would of at least wanted some type of defensive device to have fought back with instead of dying without a fighting chance. Run, Hide, Fight are good procedures but not exponential procedures. ", "I\u2019m genuinely curious and not trying to be accusatory. What does a private citizen do with an AR-15? Do you hunt with it? Is it used for home protection? I can understand wanting to own a shotgun or rifle, but I\u2019ve never understood the desire to own an AR.", "Unless one is in the Armed Forces or a member of a SWAT Team, there is no good reason to possess an assault rifle. The current state of affairs exists due to the NRA successfully buying off (mostly GOP) politicians. Campaign finance reform and the overturning of Citizens United are two essential steps to changing the status quo. It is in the financial interest of the NRA to increase guns sales by whatever means possible. All who take money from the NRA should be voted out of office. Every last one of them.", "There needs to be a discussion about gun laws. Yes people will say that it still would have happened even if there were laws in place, but we really don't know that until they are. However to not even have a discussion does a great injustice to those 17 and the future. ", "Every country has the troubled, disenfranchised and extremist. What would happen if in their rage they did not have easy access to guns or semiautomatic weapons? \n\nLook to Canada and other countries who put their children's health and safety before profits. \n\nWhere is our shame? Where is our resolve to put out children first?", "So, with our 20/20 hindsight, we are now able to see that Mr. Nikolas Cruz showed every single red flag imaginable in the weeks and months before Valentine's Day.  Too bad no one was looking!  \n\nMaybe it's time we started looking.  That's an easy enough step.  Maybe it's time to start making as intensive scrutiny of prospective and current weapon owners as always occurs AFTER a shooting tragedy, BEFORE we put another high-capacity, rapid fire weapon in another pair of hands.  After all, the precious Second Amendment REQUIRES a WELL-REGULATED militia.  So, let's start having some well-regulation.  \n\nAnd while Congress is at it, they should turn their attention to Article I, Section 8, which charges Congress with the responsibility of prescribing a discipline and training to be imposed on the militia by the states.  There's pretty robust language in that Article, if it weren't ignored.  If someone feels a need to own and \"bear\" one of these weapons, society has the right to know, on an ongoing basis, just what that individual is up to with that weapon.  Ongoing supervision and discipline is a necessary requirement, to prevent future mass shooting events.  ", "Focusing on mental health is a diversion created to bypass the main issue of gun possession. Nothing will change unless people come in streets against Guns and turn it into a mass movement. An agitation of sorts, with picketing, sit-ins, boycotts, General strikes and other non violent means, like they do in some other countries. I guess, only that may make those who choose to be deaf hear. Let there be a \u201cMarch against Guns\u201d like the Million march, women\u2019s march, etc. ", "I will not vote for anyone, regardless of party, who won\u2019t advocate for the banning of assault rifles. It\u2019s not too much to ask for. It needs to be the first question asked at debates, by reporters, most importantly by voters. Pie in the sky wish would be to fully scale back to only. revolvers, shotguns and hunting rifles just to keep the 2nd Amendment intact.   ", "Another terrible tragedy.  This has to end but there is no way that congress will ever put stricter rules on the ownership of fire arms.  Trump's election proves that there are enough people out there that will keep the NRA in power by creating a fear of the \"other\".  \n\nA possible solution is to ban the magazines.  It was not so long ago that we limited magazines.  A limit of 5 bullets in a detachable magazine for rifles and 7 for pistols would put a limit on the killing power of these weapons without banning the guns.  A limit of 8 bullets for internal magazines (The Mr. Garand exception)  People could keep their property but have a limit.  If someone if found with an illegal magazine then they lose the right to own firearms according to the law.  This will get the hi capacity automatics out of circulation without taking away the guns and playing into the NRA's propaganda. \n\nWill this end the plague of gun violence.  No it will make the USA safer than a border wall or ending chain immigration.  We have met the enemy and it is us.  ", "An individual's mental health is often invisible, a gun is not. Focus on what may be seen not confusing, non-specific behavior. Shooters are troubled--mentally ill, if you will--and dangerous, but it is us, as a society who light the fuse and   continue to put instruments of death into their hands.\nDoes anyone else think it's strange that the parents of the friend of an obviously troubled young man allowed him to bring his AK 15 into their home, and that he was permitted to take it on an outing that included shooting?\nMr. Cruz is not the only one demonstrating troubling behavior!", "\"The president, who generally opposes new gun restrictions, has focused on mental illness during mass shootings, and did so again on Thursday,\"....An assault rifle with an extended magazine has only two purposes; to kill lots of people very quickly, or to play with as a thrill toy. In either case, anyone who wants to own one has already defined themselves as having some degree of mental problems. ", "For people who are \"connected' all the time, we remain remarkably disconnected when it comes to real interactions with people and actually listening to them, picking up on cues, and taking action when necessary.\n\nYears ago I was at an election night vote watching event at a large hotel in the area.  There was a cash bar, and hundreds of people were milling in and out of the room.\n\nI noticed a woman I didn't recognize (I knew a good percentage of the people in the room) who looked a bit out of place and a bit \"off\" as they say.\n\nI observed her for awhile and then went over to her and quietly asked her if she was ok.  She started to cry and she said she had just found out someone she was close to had died and was very distraught.  She was not connected in any way to the vote watch event.  She just wandered in.  I asked if she was driving and she said that she was a guest in the hotel and would be staying there that night.  She thanked me for noticing and left.\n\nWe need to see each other.  Really see each other.  Hear each other.  Listen to each other.\nModern \"communications\" strip that away.  We don't look in people's eyes anymore.\n\nThere is always something that can be done.  First thing of course, is to stop selling weapons of mass destruction to anyone who is breathing.", "I was about to read this but stopped myself because I\u2019ve been hearing about how reading about and paying attention to the killer is exactly what they want and is part of their motivation (the notoriety). It\u2019s also what the public wants. How does this happen? How is a person moved to do this? What happened I\u2019m their life? Nonetheless, I think there needs to be another way to report this information without giving attention to the killer. I am drawing a blank as to how to do this but I\u2019m sure yose with more expertise have though of ways. ", "Mental illness is impossible to define and every individual possesses a full spectrum of mental capabilities and disabilities within them.  \"Crazy\" people sometimes make perfect sense and \"sane\" people sometimes act horribly.  I am sure the government is fully aware that this is a wormhole in which there will be no solution found and nothing will change our situation with guns.  They are merely buying time until the next distraction.  I am a parent of a ten year old in Brooklyn.  We have discussed ways to survive an active shooter.  We've also discussed this nations dependency on guns and the fascination with violence.  He is growing up knowing a United States that he cannot depend on to be rational or remotely responsible to ourselves or the world.  I told him frankly, you may be witnessing the end of a very short-lived experiment. ", "\nHow many more innocent souls will be lost before ALL AR-15 weapons are banned and removed permanently from public access?  Why must this one single issue be so complicated?", "Every school kids is at risk in this country because of the irresponsability of the politics. For every kid that is dying we should name the opponents to stricter laws", "What a sad story.  Certainly this country seems to refuse to do anything about the mentally ill who live on our sidewalks and elsewhere.   We also seem to refuse to do anything to check the proliferation of high powered guns and ammunition - what a lethal combination:  mental illness and guns!  \n\nWhy is it necessary for citizens to own an AR-15 or any other  rapid fire weapon?  The 2nd Amendment says \"well regulated\".", "The late highly esteemed conservative Supreme Court Justice, Antonin Scalia, ruled that the Second Amendment to the Constitution did not endow a right for any private citizen to own an assault weapon. The scores of knock-offs of the Ar-15 are carefully engineered death machines, with high velocity, fragmenting bullets, to rapidly kill humans at a range of up to 1500 yards on a battlefield. These weapons are banned in many states and throughout Canada, They were banned from 1994-2004 under the Democrats Clinton Assault Weapons Ban. Republicans must be voted out to protect our children and our schools. We need to restore that common sense law which the GOP let expire under GWB.", "Call this what it is: domestic terrorism.\n\nHere is a question that keeps nagging me.  Authorities (school, law enforcement) had known of the perpetrator's intent, known about his training by white christian militias in Florida, and were aware of his desire to show off his gun collection (as he did on social media).  His peers were pretty sure he would do something like this; and he was advertising his intent to those who would hear.  \n\nWas this preventable?  If so, how?\n\nWe are horrified, and saddened - of course.  But are we really aware of the magnitude of change we want?  Americans love guns like idol worshipers.  NRA holds the country hostage.  White militias do these kinds of things proudly, openly (or did you forget Oklahoma), and will stop only when they own slaves or have produced their version of pristine Norway.  They are currently hosting, coddling, training, aiding and abetting the next church arsonist, murder, terrorist. And they have explicit support from churches, radio, TV, and politics.\n\nIf easy availability of guns is a problem (and it is), then the warm embrace of white militias in perpetrating domestic terrorists is inextricably linked to this problem.  \n\nI see that a lot of Americans are against guns.  The number of people who are  interested in dismantling the white christian hate machine - is a significantly smaller number. And this will get in the way of any real reform, and any real prevention in domestic terrorism. \n\nKalidan", "President Donald Trump and Gov. Rick Scott of Florida, who has not presided over a state which has suffered yet another mass shooting, both made calls to keep guns out of the hands of people with mental illness.  But what evidence is their that Nikolas Cruz has a recognized mental illness?  The early evidence seems to show a disaffected youth filled with anger who committed premeditated murder on a large scale, and has already accepted responsibility for his actions.\n\nIn an effort to undermine any and all efforts at reasonable gun control measures, like outlawing private ownership of military assault-style rifles, like the AR-15 used by Mr. Cruz, Republican leaders are now quick to declare anyone committing mass murder with assault rifles as \"mentally ill.\"  But by the same logic, the angry, disaffect men who join Al Qaeda or ISIS in an effort to feel empowered are merely mentally ill, and not violent terrorists.  No one would accept such a premise, and the United States has engaged in a decades-long effort and extraordinary expense to combat these groups.  If we are ever to be serious about protecting ourselves, our political leaders will devote as much effort and expense to get weapons out of the hands of the public.", "How does someone with a known history of issues, expelled from the school and prohibited from being on campus with a backpack, just walk into a school with a duffel bag and backpack?  Why aren't their monitors, or cameras, on every entrance with automatic door locks?  Why isn't more done to take simple steps to protect our children?", "It is clear from the writings of the founding fathers that the Second Amendment was enacted to give the people a meaningful chance to resist a tyrannical government.  This isn't a paranoid ideal; recent history proves them right.  Tens of millions of people were killed by their own government in the Twentieth Century and we stand too close to those years to ignore this potential.  People say it can't happen here and that's likely true at present.  But who is prescient enough to see fifty, one hundred or two hundred years into the future?  Fundamental rights must be viewed in the context of centuries - not purely through the lens of our current woes.  If military-grade rifles are banned outright we will never get them back and citizens will be forever defenseless against a deadly potentiality.\n\nBut let's make them harder to get.  They are serious, deadly objects and should only be entrusted to those who can navigate some red tape.  People like Nikolas Cruz should never be allowed to purchase a weapon.  He likely wouldn't even qualify for a mortgage.  If our leaders are competent enough to find it, there is a middle ground between prohibition and effective regulation.\n\nWe have a newborn at home - our first - and my heart breaks for these families.  It is time for a change in gun policy that preserves the integrity of the Second Amendment.", "We need to stop making these mass shootings all about mental health. We need stricter gun control. Why should the general public have access to purchase an assault rifle? For Hunting? I don't think so. Other countries (such as Japan, Canada, Australia) have much lower gun death rates then we do yet have similar mental health issues like we do. Why? Simple: stricter gun laws.", "Where were the grief counselors after his adoptive mother died? Didn't any one realize how damaged he was and that the trauma of losing an only surviving adoptive parent could possibly set him on a darker path? There is no mental health safety net for at risk individuals. Could someone - anyone - obtained a referral for mental health services? Those services are likely hard to get, especially if there is no framework to help anyone until they commit  a serious offense.", "This \"mental heath\" and \"warming signs\" are almost always hindsight 20/20's. There has been plenty of research and books discussing the problem here: there are way too many false positives. For each Nikolas Cruz, there are 100 perhaps 500 people showing the same level of warning signs, preventing law enforcement from thoroughly investigating each. And most of these 500 do not snap. They pass this period and move on to become productive members of the society. \n\nThere needs to sensible limits on firearms. There needs to be licenses at the national level. There needs to be restrictions on what cannot be sold. As an example, AR15, designed to maximize body damage and conduct mass killings in a war, simply does not belong to a civil society. And there needs to a more stringent limit on age.", "The lessening of restrictions on the purchase of firearms by persons with mental illness owes much to the oft repeated mantra that the mentally ill are no more violent than the general population.  That is definitely true - when mental illness includes depression and anxiety whose victims are most often violent against themselves, agoraphobics, and others.  However, there are certain types of mental disorders whose sufferers do have a higher than average rate of violence against others - and it would be prudent to limit their access to weapons of mass carnage.", "You can't legally purchase alcohol at 19 but you can legally buy a gun.\n\nThis shows how messed up our priorities are. Except for Massachusetts, I don't believe that many other states or the federal government have even passed any legislation since the Vegas massacre to ban bump stocks or other equipment that alters the fire rate of guns.\n\nWe need to straighten our priorities  and start passing common-sense gun control laws. If don't believe people under 21 are responsible enough to purchase alcohol, than we should also believe they're not responsible enough to own a gun. Why not require at least 3 references along with background checks to be required with all gun purchases? Have stronger laws and enforcement to secure guns at homes to reduce the number of guns stolen each year? Make it easier to identify straw purchasers by having a registry, having the serial number engraved in multiple parts of the gun, or have the serial number engraved in a way that would be difficult to locate and destroy, etc?\n\nThis is the same as locking our doors at home. They're not going to stop a determined criminal from breaking in but it also won't give everyone an easy access to my home. By not passing a single common-sense gun control legislation, all you're doing is inviting another mass shooting to happen or become even deadlier than the Vegas massacre.", "Hard to believe the FBI couldn\u2019t figure out who he was, at least if they had wanted to badly enough. One thing for sure- it\u2019s very rare that people who do this kind of thing weren\u2019t already known as potentially dangerous by friends and family. It\u2019s nearly alway predictable. There is even an algorithm to predict it", "Lots of incremental indicators and red flags about this mass shooter and his mental and behavioral problems but no one came close to connecting the dots, no one acted to find him credible treatment. Finally expelled from school he was left to his own demons. \n\nOnly after the horrific tragedy of a mass shooting and so many deaths do these stories even begin to come together. In this incident the picture rapidly emerges of a marginalized and apparently mentally ill young man with violent ideations and a highly lethal weapon. \n\nVariation of these kinds of indicators in plain view but mostly ignored present again and again, a pattern that has been associated with the perpetrators of numerous other mass shootings, Sandy Hook Elementary comes most readily to mind \u2014 there are many others.\n\nFinally, for all of the attendant and justifiable outrage, and intense grief and recriminations there is little to indicate that America is any closer to a viable solution for this home grown serial mass carnage in which military style, high capacity magazine capable, semi-automatic or automatic weapons are a central factor.", "We didn't elect the congress and the president to pray and claim to \"be there for us\" when mass murder happens. We elected them to make laws that among other things protect our children from dangerous people in society. The only people Trump and the Republicans are \"there for\" are their donors and the NRA. The federal government has completely failed in their duty to make this country safer for our children and all Americans with the implementation of sensible gun laws to keep weapons of mass murder out of the hands of people like Nikolas Cruz.", "I have said for a long time that guns should be governed by similar laws as we have for cars. Does anyone really think their freedom is curtailed by having to register a car?\nAlso, military type assault weapons should be banned. They were before and I doubt many Americans felt less free because of it.\nI recently tried to obtain a tiny canister of pepper spray, but was told it was not allowed in my state. It seems totally crazy to me that I can buy a gun, but not pepper spray.\nWhen is Congress going to have the guts to just be sensible?", "The current interpretation of the 2nd Amendment is the problem. If the Courts will not come to a sensible interpretation that limits fire arms, then it is well past the time to amend the Constitution making clear that automatic weapons have no place in civilian life, that guns and gun owners must be licensed, and that there should be a steep barrier for anyone who wants to own or use a gun. \n\nUntil we face up to the evidence that technology has changed the present danger guns in civilian hands today create in a technological world, we can only expect more deaths to be visited as individuals in a moment of uncontrolled passion kill indiscriminately.", "There is a lot of focus on keeping guns out of the hands of people with mental illness. Although Mr. Cruz clearly have emotional and anger management issues, would those be severe enough to meet any diagnostic criteria for mental illness? What do you do with someone who is easily set off and have angry outbursts? Between the dismal mental health coverage we have in this country and the non-mental health causes (e.g. someone has a grudge on someone else and decides to shoot the entire work place) of shooting, a broad ban of guns is in order.", "I have yet to read one comment that outlines an a solution. Even banning all gun sales will leave enough guns for every man woman and child. There are enough illegal and stolen guns that every criminal can have access to a gun for the next 100 years. There is no real measure that you can do that can solve the issue. Mental health. The guns have always been there. The kids could have always done this in the past, but for some reason they didnt. Lets find out why. First person shooter games, violence on TV, the break down of society? Maybe its all this. Guns and gun ownership have not changed, the kids and the people have.", "It\u2019s not unlikely that there are hundreds, perhaps thousands, of kids in America with backgrounds of disfunction, trauma and mental illness similar to that of Nikolas Cruz. No net of local or FBI vigilance has a fine enough mesh to catch all or even most of the kids fantasizing about or actually planning to massacre students and teachers at their school. The only answer (the one in place in all other advanced countries including Japan, where I live and where my children study at school with total freedom from gun violence) is much, much, much stricter controls on assault rifles and other weapons of war explicitly designed to maximize death, destruction and carnage in a minimal amount of time and with minimal effort. Yes, the answer really is that simple. It really is that fundamental.", "Infrastructure spending should concentrate on rebuilding cuckoo's nests.  Ironically, I bet they'd up being the safest places to be in.", "President* Trump, completely lacking in empathy and basic humanity, with a personal emotional range that begins and ends with anger, yet is currently our nation's \"consoler-in-chief.\"\n\nWhat parent would want him anywhere near their grieving?  So that their family might become a target of a Twitter tirade if they somehow aggravate him?", "People will once again call for the banning of assault rifles but banning assault rifles would have little impact. The 2016 FBI Uniform Crime Report (UCR) shows that rifles were used in about 2.5 percent of the 15,070 murders committed that year. Most of the rifles used in the murders weren\u2019t assault rifles, so you would not reduce murders by 2.5 percent by banning assault rifles. The actual reduction would be much closer to zero, since murders denied assault rifles would use other types of firearms or other types of weapons. The killer in the most deadly school shooting\u2014Virginia Tech\u2014used handguns. \n\n According to the 2016 UCR:\n\u2022\tHandguns were used in 7,105 murders.\n\u2022\tKnives were used in 1,604 murders.\n\u2022\tUnarmed killers use their bare hands or feet to strangle, beat, kick or stomp 652 victims to death.\n\u2022\tBlunt instruments were used in 472 murders.\n\u2022\tRifles (including assault rifles) were used in 374 murders.\n\u2022\tShotgun were used in 262 murders.\n\nI don\u2019t own a gun.  I\u2019m not opposed to gun laws, although I would prefer we first repeal the Second Amendment. But I don\u2019t think new guns laws will make much difference. We need to transform society. ", "So far people who don\u2019t want to move the needle on gun legislation outnumber the people who do. That is why nothing ever happens. Yes, 90 percent of Americans want background checks. Yes we are all upset over school shootings and massacres. \n\nBut when it comes time to vote, we re-elect politicians who are dependent on the campaign contributions of the NRA. And then the same thing happens all over again. We are doing the same things over and over again while looking for different results. ", "One of the most consistent findings in developmental criminology is the \"age-crime curve\"-the observation that criminal behavior increases in adolescence and decreases in adulthood. \n\nIt peaks at 19 year of age.  See\n\nhttps://img.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/files/2015/06/angry-young-...\n\nYoung  males aged 15 to 30 make up 10 percent of the population, but commit 63 percent of the homicides in the United States.\n\nTo start with the political feasible, raise the minimum age of gun ownership to 24. We do it for drinking at 21 ,  We should try to do it for guns at 24\n\n====\n\nThe age-crime curve in adolescence and early adulthood\nhttps://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23595417\n\nhttps://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2015/06/18/10-percent-of-the...", "The village it took to raise this child totally failed.  What actions will that \"village\" take to ensure it doesn't happen again?", "Another sob story of a difficult life. Same old, same old. And getting sick and tired of that excuse. No one said life was going to be easy. We have coddled kids from the very worst helicopter parents who fight with their kids bosses because jr. didn't get that raise he wanted. T.S. in my book. Most everyone I know is living a horrid life, unemployment woes, worried about rent and food they don't take guns and kill people. My life in JHS and HS were horrible. I was bullied, ridiculed, etc but guess what? I survived. I didn't kill my classmates. This 19 y/o adult should fry for what he did, or at least go t jail and stay until he leaves in a pine box.", "As Teddy Roosevelt said of exploiting the Grand Canyon for commerce, leave it alone we can only screw it up.\n\nSame with Trump, keep if away from any speeches or memorials, he can only make it worse, he is part of the problem.", "I grow weary of those who would suggest that this is just a mental health problem. It\u2019s not like mental health problems don\u2019t exist around the world. \n\nThe unique American problem is that we add virtually unfettered access to weapons like the AR-15. You have to be 21 to buy a beer, but Cruz bought his AR-15 legally when he was 17 or 18.\n\nWe know well enough to keep matches out of the hands of children, because we understand the danger of them setting the house on fire or causing harm to themselves. But for reasons that defy logic, we\u2019re okay with people having access to weapons that are only a conversion kit away from being identical to the M16 I carried in the army.\n\nThe key part of the second amendment that those who trot out that defense, but always seem to ignore, is \u201cwell regulated\u201d. \n\nFor the same reason I can\u2019t go and buy a bazooka and walk around Wal-Mart with it, we should apply similar limits to military grade weapons of all types. Our unalienable rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness are in jeopardy. Let\u2019s prioritize those rights ahead of the second amendment. Our children, friends, and families deserve better. It\u2019s time for Congress to pass true gun reform legislation that eliminates access to assault weapons.", "Assault Rifles; they aren't hunting rifles unless the Game is humans. Someone- tell me again; we need them, we manufacture them; we sell them because....", "After maybe 20-30 more attacks no one will notice any more. These scores of live wasted are necessary  down payment on crazy gun laws that allow unselected civilians to own rapid fire guns ,to use in engagements of their own choice  and usually the murderer takes  own live.    The gun law is embraced as\na real religion  and the sacrifices are necessary  for the well being of the gun god.  Human sacrifice is not new  and the followers of this rite encourage all\nAmericans to stand up proud for the firearms god whatever the costs.", "No need to ban assault killing machines; just restrict their sale to persons over 99 years of age. That should pacify the NRA. ", "This boy was mentally ill. Trump is right to focus on mental health. The gun didn't shoot itself.", "Lessons learned from Parkland, FL:\n1. When hispanics go on a killing rampage....they suddenly become \"white\".\n2. We've been \"having a conversation about gun control\" for thirty-forty years now....but not one single politician will admit it.\n3. Gun Control obviously does NOT work.  Not in USA, not in Venezuela, not in Syria, not in Burma, not in Africa....no where.\n...\nQuestions not asked:\n1. Does Nikolas Cruz like to play 1st person shooter video games?\n2. How did a high school reject even acquire so much fire-power?\n3. Where was the loving, supportive, concerned counseling this guy obviously needed? to the point he was recently in a Mental Hospital.   It appears we're just \"going thru the motions\"  , no individual responsibility, just a shoulder shrug and blame hanging on faceless \"society\".", "Spineless politicians and an industry only thinking of profit. Both are hiding behind AND misinterpreting the Second Amendment. Can this Congress and the pompous windbag we have for President solve this problem? Sadly, I think not. Add this tragedy and it's resolution to why we most vote for common sense in November.", "I see here two predictable trouble spots. First, President Trump manages to squeeze in tweets about DACA in reference to this awful \"American carnage.\" Secondly, Nikolas Cruz, with an obvious Hispanic surname, is now electric with Trump's scare tactics about both his Mexican Wall and its need to be finance to keep out \"criminals and rapists.\" \n\nUnhappily, this event is tailor-made to distract attention from the running sewer that is the Trump administration and Robert Mueller's quiet, patient investigation of Russia's connections to this presidency. The president's not-very-subtle connection between Hispanics and violence rings alarm bells across the land. Congress, sensing national revulsion, will dig in against the DACA kids, who had nothing to do with it.\n\nAnd Donald Trump, it should never be forgotten, paid humble homage to the National Rifle Association, telling the group that \"you got me elected.\" Now that the Parkland assassin is revealed to have experienced severe behavioral, emotional and mental issues, the \"president\" yesterday mentioned \"illness\" as a cause for the disaster. He never once made reference to the fact that his signature lies on a piece of paper allowing anyone (no background checks required) to purchase handguns. \n\nAnd Congress sits on its hands and does nothing as yet another location is marked out on a map where an unhappy person went to take out his collective anxieties on administrators, teachers and students. \n\nKind of sad, yes, Mr. \"President?\"", "Maybe all those innocent kids coming out on stretchers after being shot with an assault weapon will make all American people, including a majority of bribed Congress people, but not likely Trump, from saying such dangerous, disingenuous, violence provoking, and 'dividing' things as this:\n\n\"I love the old days. You know what they used to do to a guy like that?\" A guy was protesting, making noise. \"They'd carry him out on a stretcher.\"\n\nI have little hope that faux-Emperor/president Trump would ever actually mean what he said in his first Tweet, about being \"Totally Opposed to Violence\", but for the rest of 'we the American people' who founded our country against an Empire, and who don't believe in Empire --- may well be smart enough and brave enough to stop acting like the violent, militarist, politically deceitful and Disguised Global Capitalist Empire that our founders hoped to peacefully overcome.", "If I'm not mistaken, the President signed into law last year that mentality challenge person could not be prevented from buying a gun?  To me an Assault Rifle is not a gun, but a Killing Machine designed to kill humans!\nRegardless, the gun did what it was designed for.  Insanity!", "The FBI clearly dropped the ball. Instead of wasting resources on fake Russian collusion, they should have been watching this guy. There needs to be a full investigation. If they failed to follow-up on this youtube video,  heads should roll. What did Comey know, and when did he know it?", "Please don\u2019t anyone say the failing lies in people not reporting people like this to authorities. The authorities knew all about him. Then they permitted him to buy a machine gun. \n\nIt is true that we can\u2019t lock people up because they\u2019re a little \u201coff\u201d. But it is also true that they CAN be kept from legally buying a gun. There is no rational explanation here other than that open gun laws resulted in the death of 17 innocents this week. ", "A seriously mentally ill kid, who has shown signs of sudden outbursts of anger and violence, is able to purchase a military assault rifle. Why???\n\nIf he were a self proclaimed terrorist the federal government would have been all over him. Seems the only real involvement the federal government had with him was through a computer program that rubber stamped the purchase of that gun.", "Roll the tape. Thoughts and prayers;  moments of silence;  and onto the next mass shooting.  Repeat as necessary. ", "Almost all, if not all, of the mass school shootings happen in public (not private) schools.  Why?\n\nPublic schools are \"data\" and testing factories, causing high stress for kids and teachers.  Principals, solely interested in securing a raise and a promotion, will enforce whatever draconian measures it takes to get good scores, regardless of the stress.  To the principals, damaged kids are a hassle standing in the way of more money.\n\nDamaged kids are never helped in what has become of the public schools.  The general citizenry and even most public school parents have no idea what is going on and how much better private schools really are despite the millions public schools are taking in each year.   ", "Brought to you by the National Terrorist Association, Guns Over People, and and Americans Republican Death Panels who organ-harvested brains and replaced them with 2nd Amendment 'Free-DUMB !'\n\n\"A well regulated dementia, being necessary to the paranoid and delusional security and of a murderous state, the right of children, innocents and peace-loving Americans to be randomly and viciously slaughtered and massacred by the nation's male lunatics, shall not be infringed.\"\n\nThe NRA-GOP national public safety platform.\n\nVote on November 6, 2018\n\nAmerica's children deserve long lives, not an early death, cruel 'thoughts and prayers', and the National Terrorist Association ensuring that the next gun massacre happens in a theater near you.\n\nHuman rights ?\n\nNot in Republistan, Americans.", "What can be said that hasn't already been said a thousand times before? Assault weapons need to be banned as well as any weapon that can be turned into one. However, there is a large portion of the population who dreams up sci-fi conspiracies of deep-state government takeovers with black helicopters and internment camps orchestrated by Obama and HRC where these weapons are necessary. As is the case with our president, reality-- no matter how malignant-- doesn't make a dent in their mythology. How can it? With mouthpieces for the NRA like Marco Rubio taking over three million dollars, what can be expected? The lack of human compassion as well as common sense is astounding.", "Way back I was not allowed to buy some alcohol because I was 19 years old.  But buying a gun at that age is just fine.  A very sick country.  Welcome to America.", "If all of us who had a rougher childhood than Nikolas Cruz chose to become killers what excuse would there be? An excuse is a failure to accept responsibility. \n\nPerhaps if assault weapons were once again banned,and those existing were bought back and destroyed we could send our children and grandchildren to school and be fairly confident they would return home intact. Nearly three thousand high school students attended Douglas High School, 17 children and teachers were killed. The rest, and their families will carry with them the scars of terror and grief, the only impact in this world of a selfish and cowardly individual who blamed the world for his misfortune, rather than rising above it.\n\nNo excuses are acceptable for this monster, or anyone else who disregards the rights of others to go about their daily lives free of fear and anguish.", "At a certain point (and we are long past this point) it doesn't really matter what the motivation of the gunman was. What is irrefutable is the fact that he had an AR 15 semi-automatic rifle. Also irrefutable is that there are 17 murder charges rather than 17 assault charges. ", "Ban the sale of all automatic weapons to anyone.\nBan the sale of shoulder arms or handguns to anyone under twenty one.\nIntroduce a buy-back program for automatic weapons already sold with a ninety day window to comply. If after ninety days an automatic weapon is discovered in the possession of a private citizen he is to be given prison time.\nWill this end the carnage? Of course not but it will reduce the body count.", "A good friend, who has taught for more than 30 years, said  many people think kids have problems in high school, but in fact, there were serious issues throughout their entire school career and the problem was just passed on each year, to the next grade.  ", "Gun advocates say something like \"How do you know who to prevent from buying a gun ?\". Perhaps the criteria for purchasing a weapon should be the other way around: the potential buyer has to prove he or she is of exemplary nature, has demonstrated his or her maturity, has a history of tranquility; any bad marks in the last five years, and one is not eligible to purchase. In some locals aren't police, those people who carry weapons all the time, given psychological examinations; why shouldn't potential gun buyers undergo the same scrutiny ? You want to buy a gun, show me you can be trusted with one, not the other way round: I have to show you can't be trusted to use it properly.  ", "So, make this about mental illness and then allow families to sue gun manufacturers and distributors for allowing their weapon of mass distraction into the wrong hands. \n\nWith a gun death every 15 minutes, we could wrack up enough lawsuits to drive these companies out of business. Nothing unAmerican about that.", "I hope everyone in America sees the video of our children being slaughtered.  It is time we adopted the rules followed by the rest of the planet -- gun control works, and is consistent with democratic rule.  We need a change of mindset.  ", "Children grow up knowing American adults value scoring political points  more  than their lives.\n\nDo we think that will make us great again?", "Using \"mental illness\" as the excuse for this troubled young man's actions is misplaced and it gives anyone with a diagnosed mental illness a bad name; it throws them into the large pool of people who make bad decisions on a daily basis.  It certainly looks as though this young man was identified as troubled for a number of years but there is only so much that can be done in a society that favors the NRA over the safety of its people.  If the NRA had given 33 million dollars to organizations that help at-risk children this may have ended differently...but they did not, instead they gave it to Marco Rubio for his election campaign.  \n\nGet out and vote like your life depends on it...", "Cute final line to the article. I am sure the victims families would love it. It would be great if the media thought through how much this line of coverage contributes to new shootings. \n\nIf someone runs into the field in a televised sporting event, the networks are thoughtful enough not to show it and give the perpetrator free publicity and discourage more invasions. Why can\u2019t the same level of discernment be applied after 17 people have been brutally murdered?\n\nAmerica is addicted to disasters as a form of entertainment and the media obliges. Sure there is a lot Congress can do if they weren\u2019t I the NRA\u2019s pocket. But anyone who now knows the shooters name or facts about his life, or who has spent more on Starbucks this year than on concrete action to counter the NRA payola is also contributing to this scourge.", "Instead of passing more silly new laws which, in essence, say \"this time we really, really, really mean it\" we should enact Federal legislation which will require all gun owners,  to be 21, pass background checks, undergo proficiency tests, carry firearm insurance,  and hold them STRICTLY LIABLE for ALL harm caused by their guns regardless of who uses them. That's vicarious liability, as with cars.\n\nWe need all guns and ammo to be traceable. As with cars, guns should have Certificates of Title so we know who owns what gun at any given moment. And the ammo? When I buy eggs at Trader Joe's each egg is imprinted with a code. We can't do that with ammo so we can see who is buying what and in what quantities?\n\nDo this and people will safeguard their guns and transfer them legally. Of course if the guns and ammo are stolen and the owner was not complicit or negligent in allowing the theft to take place the gun owner would be off the hook. You're not fool enough to leave your car parked on the street with the windows open and the keys in it are you?\n\nNothing that I have suggested conflicts with that pesky Second Amendment.", "Maybe Cruz felt like he had no one. He had no living parents- maybe he was depressed. There should've been someone for him to turn to. if there had been maybe things wouldn't have happened that way. \n\nI\u2019m in no way trying to minimize what the kid did- he murdered 17 innocent people and he should pay the legal penalties for his actions. But after we do something about guns, which we never will, we need to look at mental illness, school bullying, cyber bullying, and a host of other things that this country does to make kids feel alone and abandoned. \n\nWe can do nothing. But right now there is another mentally disturbed young man between 18-30 who is saying to himself \u201c Why don\u2019t I try this.\u201d", "Boys like Nikolas Cruz were not born evil or mentally ill.    Seething anger that erupts in a spasm of blood is not a genetic or theological condition.  It is often a product of neglect and abuse, bullying and humiliation.   Every backstory of a man bent on extreme violence is a story of a boy bent by the indifference or cruelty of a milieu lacking love and compassion.   It may happen at home or it may happen in a school where some boys are isolated in plain sight or taunted with no one paying attention.  The one nearly universal factor is that these boys are desperately lonely.  In a few cases, like the two often-bullied boys who riddled Columbine with bullets, they bond with another and the rage is compounded.", "Mental illness is not worse in the USA than in other countries  . The difference is the availability of assault weapons and the lack of strong enough background checks . This is obvious . When politicians start talking about mental illness or that we have to be more alert or that we have to be nice to each other , they are playing you . They are fooling you and that includes the mainstream media . Place blame where it is due . ", "My heart, thoughts and prayers to everyone in Parkland, FL along with other places in past history affected by this unspeakable and atrocious tragedy. \n\nAs a young millennial who has seen the recurring news reports about school shootings, it hurts both my heart and soul to see bright, talented and innocent young minds have their lives taken away at the hands of someone with serious mental health issues. Both mental health and gun control needs to be taken care of ASAP! Our world has become more vulnerable to every heinous act taking place. Personally I can\u2019t bear to watch any more of this atrocity unfold and don\u2019t want to raise my family in this environment!\n\nAlso, if Trump and the rest of the politicians can stop bickering at each other and get their act together in this heated minute, the world will greatly appreciate that! I\u2019m truly disgusted that our political sphere has been nothing but a circus of \u201cmore talking and less doing.\u201d Grow up and please show some compassionate care for this beautiful world! People like me deserve peace and solitude with little to no hatred or violence involved! #enoughisenough", "The FBI's explanations of why they couldn't ultimately locate Cruz after he posted his message on YouTube just seems so lame.  20-20 hindsight always seems easy but why couldn't every school district in the country get a message advising them if they have a Nikolas Cruz in their data base, and secondly if he has had a troubled past.  For sure, the school district would have been able to flag him.  \n\nIf there's a privacy issue, let him sue for that later. ", "This story paints a portrait of an antisocial misfit who probably wanted attention. After mass shootings, newspaper reports always try to dissect what went wrong with a young person to make him so dangerous to other people. Mental issues are what the president and Paul Ryan focused on after this mass murder spree, not the lure of guns and the destruction they cause. Their concern is misplaced.", "The NRA is responsible. Totally. I am a senior citizen who grew up in northern Vermont among a host of males who owned guns and used them for only one purpose: hunting. I was not one of them. But I respected those men (there were very few women back then who hunted) because they made certain that those guns were for only one purpose. And back then, as far as I know, there was no National Rifle Association. Most assuredly none of those men back then needed to belong to any such organization. The Second Amendment is not about gun ownership for the purposes the NRA claims. It was only about the need for a militia. Well, we hardly need militias today with the military complex this country has created. Of course Congress and this horrid president will do nothing to stop this type of horror. They are too busy collecting money from the NRA to run again for office so that while in office they represent not the people who elect them but the lobbying organizations such as the NRA. ", "The degree to which this young mans life and emotional troubles parallels the shooter's life in Newtown CT/Sandy Hook is striking.   ", "So he posted that he wanted to become a professional school shooter on YouTube using his real name, and the FBI couldn't identify who it was? What? ", "Since one of Trump's and the GOP's first pieces of legislation in 2017 was to weaken restriction on people with mental disorders from buying guns, just where does this bunch of lying politicians hide now. It may be a mental illiness problem then why did you pass the new legislation and where is the funding. Lies, lies, lies. If we know when Trumpet will appear in South Florida to drop his crocodile tears, left thousands turn out the give him a large Bronx cheer. 80% of Americanms are feed up with this crooked clown.  LOCK HIM UP", "There is an urgent need to fix responsibility.This is America where everything needs to fixed & proper answer has to be proffered for life to go on without realising that an inanimate item is not the cause to this catastrophe,it's the GUY,Nikolas Cruz,himself.\nTomorrow,an arsonist will set fire to an barn & you will call for an immediate ban on all incendiary products beginning with Match Box.\nThe problem with Nikolas Cruz is that he is having no problem.\nLiving an self indulgent,highly luxurious life in picturesque Florida,he got bored of being too happy & decided to go nutty & the result is unimaginable consequences.\nOur founding fathers Adam & Eve also could not handle the stress free life in the Eden Gardens & you know why we are punished by God with \"WORK\".\nThe US State department needs to immediately reconnect with North Korea & it's benevolent dictator Kim Jong Un & sign an bilateral treaty with the hermit state to send disturbed Americans to North Korea for Correctional training.\nAs for Nikolas Cruz,well the post mortems have begun of his life...", "A broken boy doing everything he can to be disruptive. How does that not sound familiar? Cruz, like Trump...one more mirror of a country flushing itself down the toilet.", "What more can be said about gun violence that destroys the lives of innocent Americans and their families? Everyone knows the dire problem and the obvious remedies. It's about ending the ready availability of weapons of mass execution. Our stores sell semi-automatic, military-style assault rifles; large-capacity magazines; armor piercing bullets; silencers. These aren't for hunting, for sport, for protection. They're for rapidly killing large numbers of people. We sell them in stores and on line, to young adults whose pre-frontal lobes are not yet fully formed; to people with a history of domestic violence; to people with known mental disturbances; to damn near anyone willing to visit a gun show to avoid a background check or waiting period. No honest person can seriously pretend that these mass tragedies mean that America has a mental health problem, but not a gun problem. No other country on the planet (that is not in a civil war) suffers the level of gun deaths that rips through America on an all too regular basis. The NRA and its allied federal and state politicians from both parties who have been paid and pressured to do nothing to curb gun violence are morally compromised. Ignore the hollow \"thoughts and prayers\" in their press releases. These politicians are complicit, unindicted co-conspirators in past and future murders. So are voters who keep them in office without demanding meaningful action to address this sickening trend.", "I'm sick of the debate. I'm sick of this happening again. I'm sick of the long, sensible but useless NY Times reader comments. I'm sick of republican lawmakers saying how sorry they are. But I know this. Ever since the absolute non response after a bunch of 5 and 6 year olds were slaughtered at Sandy Hook School, there is nothing more to discuss. These children and future children and adults must be sacrificed in order to satisfy the lunatics in this country who simply won't be reasoned with and the crooked politicians who accept donations from the NRA. It will not change. It will not get fixed. More children will die. And if you can't accept that, you need to move to another country. Understand?", "How many of us intervened when face with a child engaging in animal cruety/weapon crimes (ex: a neighbor's 1 y.o. shooting a pellet gun at ducks in the canal). We spoke with the parents&gt;&gt;no changes. Animal services/law enforcement was next. The child was eventually ordered to counseling after phyciatric screens. Flash to 2018&gt;&gt;the child is about to graduate with a major  a in pre-med, we heard. The parents still do not speak with us.\n\nThis murderer, when he was a child, cornered squirrels and killed them with rocks, the advanced to killing birds with a BB gun, according to press reports and TV interviews with former neighborhood children.  \n\nExplain to your children what troubling signs are and ask them to share them with you.   And what parent buys a BB gun for their child  while living in a suburban neighborhood?", "Thoughts and prayers is a by-now hackneyed phrase that means NOTHING. Until we address the American adoration of guns this will continue. And yes, the same old thoughts and prayers will be trotted out every time. The only way we\u2019re going to slow this (stopping is probably beyond hope) is to get rid of every public servant, every candidate, who accepts funds from the NRA.", "And lost in this whole morass is another victim - this gunman's younger brother - Not yet a legal adult and with now absolutely no one in the world.\nWill Broward County take him in or cast him out?", "When nothing was done at a Federal level after Sandy Hook it must be glaringly obvious that tragedies such as the latest one in Florida are seen a mere \"collateral damage\" in the pursuit of profits for the gun manufacturers. If people don't start letting their \"elected\" lawmakers know that this is not acceptable using their votes to do so Americans will get what they settle for. How the bigwigs at the NRA sleep at night is beyond me. ", "The last line of this article is powerful: Unarmed and anonymous, Mr. Cruz, finally, had blended in among them.", "Mental illness is present everwhere. Only the US has arsenals of military weapoons available to anyone", "You know what I don't understand about Republicans? They claim that gun control is useless because someone who really wants to get their hands on a gun will find a way. But they're totally fine passing laws restricting abortion, even though women across the world and through the ages have always found a way to have one. The difference is that restricting abortion causes deaths (think wire hangers), while restricting guns saves lives. They have it completely backwards. ", "One of the most important functions of our modern government is to make sure that absolutely nothing gets done about any of the major problems facing this country.\n\nWe can't solve the drug problem because that would put a lot of cops, lawyers, and prisons (private and public) out of business. They like the status quo, it works fine for them, and they don't want anything to disturb it.\n\nWe can't solve the race problem because that also would put a lot of the same folks out of business along with political consultants, talk radio hosts, and many politicians themselves. Again, the status quo is working just fine for them.\n\nAnd we can't solve the gun violence problem because that would put both gun manufacturers and the NRA (etc.) out of business. And the police would no longer have cause to buy all that ultra-cool military gear they've been stocking up on.\n\nOur government has been carefully crafted and finally tuned to exactly assure that nothing can be done about these problems. So don't get your hopes up now about finally solving the problem of kids being murdered daily by angry young men. The best we're likely to get is the formation of another House and/or Senate \"study\" commission who can then study our children to death.", "We have to draw the distinction between rights as an absolute and rights as a protection from arbitrary action without due cause and process. If we acknowledge the government\u2019s role in regulating our driving, then so too should it for gun ownership. ", "Terrorists?  Legislators that accept money from the NRA and refuse to do anything about guns.\n\nEnemies?  Elected leaders in this country that have the power to change gun laws, but won\u2019t.\n\nLet\u2019s get real here.  Stop blaming parents, mental health issues.  \n\nBlame our taxpayer paid representatives that allow these murders.  ", "Until we are ready as a country and a culture to put reasonable restraints on our Second Amendment rights - analogous to those placed on our First Amendment rights (time, place, manner - no right to yell \"Fire!\" in a crowded theater) - this will continue. And we are not ready - listen to the deflections of the right and the handwringing of the left for your proof. I believe that because we are not ready, our elected officials feel free to consider these deaths - indeed, all gun deaths - as a cost of doing business with the NRA.  And they will sweep this shooting under the rug along with all the rest.\n\nRight now the NRA is waging asymmetric warfare on us - the majority wants gun control but a minority defeats it.  So what can be done? When we are ready to change, we will.  We will vote, single issue, just like the NRA wants its members to do. We will form a single organization to which we donate that goes head to head with the NRA. In the end, this is a numbers game, and the numbers are on the side of those who are not Second Amendment absolutists. We can, we must,  and we will run the NRA-backed politicians out on a rail. ", "I keep thinking about all the arguments that even if there was more gun regulation, criminals would still be able to get guns. But, unless I'm mistaken, none of the recent shooters had a criminal record before. They were just regular white guys, able to legally purchase fire arms that have no business being allowed by anyone but a military.", "French national radio's France Culture, on their noontime news today, had a report of Cruz'z ties with a Florida alt-right group. Do you have any information on such an association ?", "What hypocrisy when Trump immediately labels this event as a mental health issue and vows to do more, yet on Feb. 28, 2017, he signed legislation that made it easier for severely mentally ill persons to own guns who are on Social Security Disability meeting these 2 criteria: a) They were receiving full disability benefits because of a mental illness and couldn't work and b) they were unable to manage their own benefits, thus needing the help of a third party to do so.\nhttps://www.cnn.com/2018/02/15/politics/trump-gun-legislation-mental-hea...", "So many, many broken hearts on Valentine's Day and my very heartfelt concern goes out to all those who have been so harmed by this hideous shooting. But we as a country are responsible. We have allowed this. Our Congress is beholden to the massive, wealthy gun lobby, primarily the NRA, and they should be beholden to us. The gun lobby uses fear and the faulty 2nd amendment excuse as the threat to keep the gun culture simmering. There is absolutely no threat to our Constitution by having strong background checks for ALL gun purchases no matter how or where they are purchased. This includes gun shows and internet sales. There is NO reason to not BAN any and all assault/military weaponry from the general public, no matter how the gun manufactures try to mask them with slight alterations or change of name  We should not allow open carry except by those in law enforcement. Any necessary concealed weapon permit should require an extra layer of security and education. Mental health is a separate issue; important but the immediacy is to get guns off the streets. We just have to push our lawmakers to do as we wish - and vote them out if they don't.  ", "First - I fully agree about the laxity in sales of firearms, and find Nicholas Kristof's suggestion - creating legislation which parallels our restrictions on driving  and owning  motor vehicles - to be a promising way to reframe the arguments.\n\nI will wait to see what more of Cruz history - we already know enough to realize  that he had multiple deficits and  he wasn't ever able to function \"normally\" in school or society.  His problems had been noted time and again by every layer of society that he encountered.  Many also must have known that with the death of his adopted other he had no regular guidance, no single person he was connected to, who had with a deep concern about him. -\n\n Maybe there are also major gaps - in what treatment was provided, in what is available, and even in the area of mandated treatment or suitable program.\n\nFor the time being we do know that simply delaying his ability to purchase a weapons and as much ammunitions as he wanted - just delaying it - would have prevented this particular massacre.  ", "Time to call out Congress for the Wimps they are.  There is No Amount of Money you could pay me to ignore this Country's continuing slaughter.", "Every teacher and student in this country should walk out of their classrooms and stage a strike until concrete promises are made to address the issue of easy access to killing machines. Parents and children demonstrating in DC, at NRA headquarters, in front of their local representatives offices, in every city in this nation would be historic and impactful. Wouldn't this be an excellent lesson  for our children. ", "Parkland, Sandy Hook. The President reaches out to comfort with in hollow irony: \"We will do all we can\".  The truth? Trump, Republicans (and their Russian bots and wealthy friends like the Kochs and Mearcers) will do everything. Everything for rich white children.  They will do nothing for those with mental illness, disability, autism. They will do nothing for those who suffer poverty or need food stamps to eat. They will do nothing for those  speak Spanish, hail from Mexico, Haiti, or Africa, escaping the worst dangers that humanity can offer. He will do nothing for those who are Muslim. He will do nothing for those whose parents brought them here are children, without proper papers. He will do nothing to restrict the worst automatic weapons in out streets as they meld into our schools, too, pandering  to the NRA. He will do nothing to help children breathe clean air or receive a fair education. He will do nothing to restrict the terrible emotional effects of the internet and social media on the developing minds of medically fragile children. Nikolas Cruz is a Child of America created by those who talk cheap but do little, those who say one thing, yet do another. Trump and his party do not care about children. ", "This just in: Mass shooters are mentally ill. Wow. Really? Who'd a' thunk it? With health care in shambles and the GOP determined to shred it some more I guess we better get used to this.", "With the millions upon millions of people in this country who have anger issues, trying to stop gun violence by identifying potential shooters will be like trying to empty the ocean with a bucket. What has to change in this country is our gun culture. I am all for banning the sale of any assault weapon, bump stock, etc. The NRA, the criminal racket, needs to be targeted by thousands of lawsuits until it withers and dies. It's the same reasoning that is being used to fight the opioid addiction in the country. \"Last week, OxyContin maker Purdue Pharma announced it will stop marketing its painkillers to doctors. According to Bloomberg, the company told its employees that it will eliminate half of its sales force and send a letter to doctors this week telling them that salespeople will no longer go to clinics to talk about their opioid products.\" But please note, this action wasn't taken until the lawsuits started piling up.", "That Ryan stands in the halls of our government and tells us not to \"take sides\" is an abomination. Our congress is an abomination if legislation is not forthcoming banning the sale and distribution of assault weaponry in this country. It's time to take a serious look at how this nation treat guns and gun control - and school children.", "\u201cPresident Trump, we need action, we need change,\u201d she said, tears streaming down her face. \u201cGet these guns out of the hands of these young kids and get these guns off the streets.\u201d\n\nIt would appear that Mr. Cruz had mental issues at the time of the school shooting. But last year Trump and Congress undid restrictions aimed at mental illness. \n\nWhat can a president do? It is really the job of Congress AND the president to do what she is asking.\n\nhttps://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2018/02/15/politics/trump-g...", "A number of the mass shooters in recent years had been treated for mental disorders, or committed crimes, which disqualified them from legally acquiring the guns they used for their heinous acts. For example, Dylan Roof, Devin Patrick Kelley, Seung-Hui Cho, to name just three.\n\nHowever, because of, what, bureaucratic snafus(?) their names were never entered into the FBI's National Background Check System. So they went out and legally purchased their guns. Passing the background check each time.\n\nTherefore, it is possible that if Cruz, 19, had received mental health support, and been adjudicated mentally ill prior to his crimes, and had been disqualified from legally owning a firearm, his name still might have fallen through the cracks in the current system, and he might have passed a background check, and walked out of a Florida gun store with a deadly weapon, anyway.", "FBI says it was unable to identify who left an \u201cI want to be a school shooter\u201d comment on a YouTube video last year. The poster used the name \u201cnikolas cruz.\u201d Were they thrown off because he didn\u2019t capitalize his name?", "\"So many signs that the Florida shooter was mentally disturbed, \" - the real DJT\n\nSo what? What does it matter. Trump believes that mental illness is no reason to deny anyone a weapon. On this we don't have to sift through his Tweets we only need to observe what he did: Sign a bill that removed restrictions aimed at preventing some mentally ill people from having guns.\n\nWas it perfect? No. Would it have prevented this? Doubtful. But when the only thing you've done is make it easier for mentally ill people to have guns and have not anything to correct what the NRA called a flawed law (that is any law that might restrict the sale of a gun) you can not call out mental illness as an excuse. ", "Guns. Hand guns. Shotguns. Rifles. Assault guns. The second Amendment. Mass murder. Suicide. Hand gun murders. Mental health. Rage. NRA. The common thread, guns. To avoid real responsibility for many of these atrocities by saying guns are not the principle problem defies reality. To shove all this on mental illness is absurd. That is what Trump did today. Did not even mention guns. We attack many heath problems with millions of dollars. I have no idea of how much money and years have been spent on cancer with no total solution. Progress, yes. Regulations yes. Smoking(the AK 15 of cancer) banned in many places and minors can not buy cigarets etc. Saved some lives, maybe many.  Easier to buy an assault weapon. And certainly very little money and effort assigned to mental health. Health issues are complicated. And a long way from being solved. Simple, rational regulations are not that complicated. Age limits, training requirements, licenses, bullet limits, screening(real screening), banning assault weapons, are all rational and could be done quickly. Likely, no. But any or all of these would save some lives. Shouldn\u2019t be that hard\u2026", "Cruz cannot buy alcohol, because he is too young, but he can by an AR15 assault weapon, legally, even with a record of life long mental health problems; and widespread knowledge of his unusual behavior including boasting of his desires to harm others.  \n\nWatching the 18 year old journalism student who survived the attack speak on CNN saying \"were just kids\" that we are the adults, we are supposed to protect them; it has made me think: what kind of society is it that cannot even protect middle class high school students?", "Can we label the NRA a terrorist cult?\nCan we call the GOP a terrorist sympathizers?", "The focus on mental health is wrong. Mr. Cruz didn't \"slip\" through the cracks, as though there were some mythical cure or way to stop or pre-jail anyone who makes aggressive comments, has violent tendencies, or loves guns. Many tried to help Mr. Cruz who has multiple problems and has suffered losses that still don't add up to shooting 17 of your classmates, even if some were bullies. What stands out is the lack of regulation on the sale of guns, especially to anyone under 25, the age at which the human brain is fully formed. Even those in the military or police are highly supervised, and their weapons can be taken away if they appear erratic. No other country not at war experiences the level of murder that occurs in the U.S. No other country blithely sells guns online, or sees instruments of murder as a taxable profit-making venture. Would we sell Fentanyl this way? Yes, criminals will still be able to get illegal guns, but there would be many fewer murders and mass murders happening if it were illegal to purchase guns for most of the population or at least, for anyone under 25. Hunters might get a different license, but only be able purchase nonautomatic weapons. There should no online gun sales, or sales in stores selling other products. There should be no open carry. Finally, mental health records are confidential, not open to gun sellers. Voter against the NRA Republican Congress.", "When pressed, Governor Scott said that \u201ceverything is on the table\u201d in looking at measures to make sure this horror doesn\u2019t happen again. For starters, how about a law that people under the age of 21 cannot legally buy an AR-15, as this shooter did?  That should be a simple, non-controversial place to start. Sadly, I doubt that will be so. It would offend the sensibilities of the NRA which bankrolls the Republican Party.\nOne need only look at Paul Ryan\u2019s response that we shouldn\u2019t \u201ctake sides\u201d. or make this \u201cpolitical\u201d.  How can any decent person not take the side of our children over the NRA which is nothing more than a shill for the gun industry?  How can one NOT want to even try to work on sensible, constitutional gun control measures that will save lives, as data suggests would be the case?  How do these hollow men sleep at night?"]