["The ironical horror is that gun sales will go up.", "A month ago, on January 15, 2018 two 16 year-old students in Perm, Russia entered a 4th grade class in session with the intent to kill as many children as possible.  15 children and their teacher were taken to hospital with various degrees of injuries. Four, including the teacher in a severe state.  The offenders later admitted that they wanted to replicate the 1999 Columbine massacre.  The only regret they expressed was that they couldn\u2019t have the luxury of possessing AR-15 automatic rifles like their American idols.  Thus they used knives and hammers.  They just didn\u2019t have the capability to walk in any neighborhood gun shop to purchase the means of murder.  As a result the total number of deaths zero.   All children and the teacher had recovered since then.  The perpetrators are in jail awaiting trial.  I wish this American perpetrator had an access to knife shop only.   ", "Trump's wall and not allowing citizenship to DREAMERS will save the white affluent American children. The DREAMERS are more dangerous to the USA than any AR-15, Just look at the historical record. Everybody knows this. Believe me. Trump is our POTUS. He and Sarah H. Sanders wouldn't lie or without information from the American public. After all, their thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families. The NRA and its donations to the lawmakers are not to blame. It's a mental health issue. Everybody knows that. Believe me.", "So convenient he could purchase his weaponry at the friendly , neighborhood \"tactical supply\" store with same ease as shopping for groceries.", "Too bad Rubio was just elected.  If his seat was up this year, there probably would have been a good chance he would lose his seat. ", "Lenore's husband:\n\n\"House Speaker Paul Ryan said that public policymakers 'shouldn\u2019t just knee-jerk before we even have all the facts and the data.'\u201d\n\nThis \"too soon\" argument hasn't aged well. OK, Mr. Ryan, we need to gather more information before we discuss *this* shooting. While we're waiting, how about the shooting last month? Still need more research? How about the shooting *2* months ago? Oh, still studying, I understand. A year ago? Can we talk about one of those? You pick the one. Have you done enough research on Sandy Hook yet? Come on, there must be *one* shooting for which you've had enough time, gathered enough \"facts & data,\" to discuss at length. If you'd assigned an staff member to research something 5 years ago, & they hadn't yet reported back, wouldn't you be a bit curious about the findings? If they didn't have anything to show, would they still be working for you?", "People in other nations always wonder why. In Australia, our last gun massacre was in 1996 after which there was a buyback and strict legislation.  Some suggestions\n1. Why not a march on Washington?\n2. Why not a consumer and political boycott of all those who implicitly or explicitly support the NRA.\n3. Why not a 28th amendment, the right to non-violence.\n4. Why not a gun buyback?\n\nWhy not.", "Steven Paddock was on anti-anxiety medication where the negative side effects were aggressiveness; was Cruz on any kind of medication? The last thing the USA needs is lots of anxious students going to their doctors and being prescribed anti-anxiety medication that has a negative side effect such as aggressiveness.", "Our Secret US National Anthem, or An Unending Tragedy\n\nGuns glorious guns\nLever-action rifles!\nThe end result is no fun,\nCarbines are no trifle!\n9 mm pistols,\nRich gentlemen have them, boys,\nDon't you want your own, personal missiles?\n\nGuns, glorious guns\nToo many are anxious to buy them\nToo many shootings a month\nOur favorite diet\nJust picture a great big gun\nmake it semi-automatic\nOh guns! magical guns! wonderful\nGuns! marvelous guns!\n\n-- sung to the tune of *Food, Glorious Food* from the musical *Oliver*", "As for the latest shooting - stop STOP selling assault weapons! Designate the NRA as a terrorist organization - it is financing a civil war.", "You can\u2019t walk into a prison with a spoon, yet....", "It's time to start calling AR-15's for what they really are: \"Child-killers\". \n\nThe U.S society needs to start hearing the name of the most horrible crime everytime someone speaks about or buys one of those guns. \"AR-15\" doesn't hit any nerve, but \"Child-killer\"?... that does.\n\nThis is a real proposition, dear NYtimes. You can start this revolution. ", "Of course, Trump won't say anything about gun control or guns in general.  The NRA was used as transfer point for illegal Russian money to fund the campaign of this illegitimate and illegal president.", "\"A society grows great when old men plant trees whose shade they know they shall never sit in.", "i bet this tragedy will be forgotten by mid or late next week. ", "The NRA contributed $30 million to the Trump campaign, $20 million of that passed through from Russian sources.\n\nTrump does the bidding of the NRA and Putin.  No gun laws.", "The mass devaluation of common sense. \n\nGun policy, criminal justice, climate policy, health, safety, conservation.  \n\nMasses of statistics, the consensus of physical science, of social science, of reason, none of it embarrasses a Congress that values the NRA, the Corrections Corporation, or Exon more than making sense, more than human life, or even the lives of cities.   \n\nSomeone posted the figures the NRA had given to wolve's tears pols who were offering \"thoughts and prayers\" last night.  It's a lot, but really, for the value, it's such a paltry sum, that lobbyists give them. Can't we just establish an evil grift fund for dishonest Senators, to inoculate ourselves?  Probably wouldn't work: the fun for sociopaths is in the fleecing.  And Trump is hardly the only one.\n\nCommon sense is outfoxed, outmoded.  An argument for common sense is based upon a false premise now, that these people are interested in doing the right thing, or even investigating what it is.\n\nYou notice, watching them at times like this, how fully prepared they are, to be utterly ridiculous, as if that were an oath they took.  ", "How could his parents not have known that he was this insane?\nHow could the school not know that he was insane? The students knew and knew he had guns. Mental health funding some day. Ok sure but how\u2019d the system not get him on the grid? Antisocial and scaring people his whole life. His parents must be aware.", "The fact that people knew he was killing animals was enough for them to report him to the police.  Why didn't they do that?", "When are we going to get consensus on the idea that AR-15s have no business in civilian hands?  And at what point do we start saying that the people traumatized by these weapons matter, by striving to minimize the number who must join them in the future?  So that this crazy 18 year old could buy a military weapon, the cost is hundreds of traumatized children, hundreds of not thousands of traumatized parents, teachers, community members. More every day, and politicians who ignore this are just plain heartless and should be tossed from office at the first opportunity. ", "It seems we need increased funding for mental health care and the same for an accounting method, at least, to keep assault rifles out of the hands of those who may not have the ability to be responsible with them.\n\nTrump: \"Let Obamacare fail; it'll be a lot easier.\" . .\"We're not going to own it. I'm not going to own it. I can tell you the Republicans are not going to own it.\"\n\nhttps://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/04/opinion/thoughts-prayers-...\n\nA look into NRA campaign funding:\n\nhttps://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/04/opinion/thoughts-prayers-...\n\nThe people who promote the NRA narrative have, effectively, told us that 17 dead kids (and numerous others in the intermediate past) are less important than campaign funding and NRA profits. ", "The time for \u201cthere are no words for such tragedy\u201d must end. There are words, plenty of them, the last words of dead students and teachers who lived their final moments in terror and blood. And here are some other words of truth, \u201cGuns Kill.\u201d That is what they are designed to do.  What stupidity to say otherwise. And we, the living, must use our words to speak up for those that cannot speak any longer. We cannot remain silent or back down when people insist the 2nd Amendment was designed to give anyone the right to own arsenals. ", "Please stop over-working these school shooting stories...you are better than that. Please treat it as a news story where you deliver the facts. Limit yourself to one follow-up story when a shooter has been identified. You have always been capable of presenting thorough and succinct articles...Just the fact please. Though it must be convenient filling a big piece of the front page for three (or more) days with tedious details from the most recent school shooting please give it a rest. If you are unable to find someone that can write about potential solutions for past problems then move on to a different topic. The entire global group of NYTimes readers will be delighted.  Your own newsroom staff will probably also be delighted.  Thanks.", "Your president is deflecting Parliament discussion on gun control by raising the mental health flag. In times like this and for the past 1M victims in the last 10 years you need strong leadership to drive change. I do not see that in the president, what i do see is a president that is abdicating from his responsibility as a leader, parent, father, husband and selling his country out to gun lobby groups. Tell me Mr President how many times has a gun been used by a citizen to shoot a murderer? This answer will put it all into perspective for you and the gun lobby groups.   ", "100% this was an act of evil!  No doubt about this. However, a part of this story that will NOT be discussed is bullying.  Are you telling me no guys or gals ever bullied this kid?  Degraded him as a loser? I worked with kids.  They can be brutal!  How many moms crying for justice really know who their kid is?  In order to be comprehensive, this needs to also be discussed. It is never an either/or, always a both/and.  How many parents are naive--this is the great sin, being naive--of how their kid said and did things to this kid?  Again...this in no way justifies his rage, but when a kid throws off a fire bell to get as many in the hallways as he can, that is rage & revenge!  Why revenge?  Those who walked by when he was being bullied and did nothing.  In a word it is emasculation!  An administration that kicked him out of school because it was all his fault.  There is another part of this story that will never be told due to the enormity of emotion.  I have worked with kids--few are totally innocent!  Most administrations eliminate the \"bad kids\" and this kid did not fit in with this community at all.  After his mother died, he was a time bomb waiting to go off.  He is guilty of what he did!  He might have rejected any and all help.  But I am not naive to believe he is an evil isolated kid with no justifiable anger.  Please...", "Our government has been captured by greedy, amoral toadies who exist only to serve their paymasters: the fossil fuel companies, big financial institutions,  pharma companies, and rich lobbyists like the NRA.  These entities are very big and very bad, and they are now pretty much the U.S. government.\nThe U.S represented humanity's id for a long time, but it was sort of a playful free-spirited id where overconsumption, narcissism and hedonism seemed amusing as expressed by American icons like Elvis, the convertible, Hollywood, Coca-cola... But now the dark side of those qualities are ascendent and we get selfishness, greed, ignorance - and the symbols of the U.S. now are mass shooters, destroyed and polluted lands, obese populace, t", "Can we stop calling these perpetrators \"suspects\"? He already confessed so let's stop with the PC nonsense and tell it like it is!", "Aaron Feis--football coach killed protecting several students was a conceal carry card holder and gun advocate--if only he had been allowed to carry conceal at his job--we trust these individuals to protect our children at school but they are not allowed to carry conceal on the job--this has got to change!", "Trump\u2019s response to this horrific massacre, and the response of most Republican politicians, is true garbage. What intellectually disingenuous demons these guns rights advocates are. Tell an adult or a teacher if you\u2019re in trouble or need help, President Trump? How is that teacher supposed to help when he\u2019s dead on the ground, shot by a student who\u2019s armed to the teeth? Our children\u2019s lives are turned upside down on a daily basis\u2014 lockdown drills, fear of attending school, stories of children being shot and killed bombarding our newsfeeds and TV, families destroyed by their children being shot accidentally, or on purpose\u2014 all so a bunch of lunatic gun owners can amass arsenals to \u201cprotect their property.\u201d  Well, my child is my property, and my body is my property, and your gun ownership is a direct and imminent threat to the protection and exercise of my right to  life, liberty and property.  ", "Facts:\n1. We live in an uncivilized country incapable of protecting its citizens from shootings;\n2. NRA controls the GOP and most state legislatures;\n3. We no longer have a legal system that is capable of interpreting the Constitution based on common sense or  historic judicial precedent particularly as to the Heller decision;\n4. Anyone can get an AR-15 and lethal ammo with our government's blessing and have more rights than their victims;\n5. NRA siphoned tens of millions of  illegal Russian money  to the GOP and Trump in 2016 to help him get elected and GOP is trying to impede an FBI investigation;\n6. NRA is a terror enabling organization;\n7. For national security reasons, the Government needs to shut down the NRA and ban all ads and contributions by it.\n8. for same reasons government  needs to ban all pictures and portrayals of shooters and  publication of their names;\n9. NRA enabler in the White House needs to removed so that security of country can be restored.", "Typical psychopath...slaughter innocents...then go have a meal. Police are \"searching for a motive\"...WHY? What's to understand? Angry disturbed young man who displays all the warning signs of a mass killer...goes on a killing spree. \n\nThe only this to \"understand\" is \"why do we as a society keep enabling this inevitable outcome, of yet another angry young man getting access to a human killing machine\"?", "I'm glad to see the level of outrage in these comments is increasing with each massacre du jour.  Outrage is the correct response to the problem you've got there.  Being reasonable, thoughtful, politic, understanding, balanced, introspective, tolerant, prayerful, sympathetic, pragmatic, sincere ... *venal and cowardly* haven't gotten you anywhere.  Your country is dying and you're all arguing about what color socks it should wear at the wake. ", "He was photographed wearing a MAGA hat...anyone shocked? GOP = Guns over people", "When are we going to stop talking about keeping mentally disoriented people from obtaining assault weapons and realize that, outside of the military, the desire to own one of these killing machines is in fact de facto evidence of mental disorientation? To put it a little less delicately, is it going too far to say that only idiots and the insane want to own these things? I think not. QED", "\"In Florida, an AR-15 is easier to buy than a handgun.\"-  Florida is also the state whose Attorney General, Pam Bondi, has tried zealously to protect the state from the \"harm\" of gay couples being allowed to marry, and who oversaw attempts to send a 53 year old medical marijuana patient with arthritis to state prison for 10 years; for growing pot in her own basement. \n\nApparently it's fine if you arm yourself to the teeth and spray schools with bullets, the true danger to Floridians are gay nuptials and pot smoking grannies.", "The NRA wants guns in children's hand, folks. Guns don't kill people, remember? So guns are innocent. Everyone should have them, maybe two or three, and just carry them around all day.  That's the NRA for you. That's the Almighty 2nd Amendment.\n\nGood reason to change that amendment, in my opinion.\n\nBut to the NRA and the idiots who stand behind the NRA: you're right; guns don't kill anyone.  PEOPLE do.  Which is why \"gun laws\" is a misnomer. It is \"gun ownership laws\", meaning laws concerning human ownership of guns.\n\nThat's what gun registration, gun laws and restrictions, gun checks, etc., are all about. To make sure human beings are being responsible, because guns don't do anything by themselves.\n\nBut humans are capable of great harm with a gun. We know this. Yet, the NRA and various individuals in Congress believe that your children have the right to get mad, go buy a gun, and kill.\n\nAnd they fight every day for that right, for that right to kill innocent people at a whim (because really, guns are for cowards).", "The FBI couldn\u2019t identify someone whose username was his real name. Why am I not surprised ", "The media is already trying to paint the shooter as a troubled \"kid\" who has mental health issues, family issues and losses, possible fetal alcohol syndrome, etc. etc., etc. \n\nWe should NOT buy into this nonsense. He's a cold-blooded killer who knew what he was doing and many people also knew what he was about and some(including fellow students) could foretell what he was capable of doing.\n\nNo sympathy for this animal. None. I don't care how many shrinks testify on his behalf. No sympathy ever.", "Trump is absolutely correct when he says the murderer was mentally ill:  it turns out he often wore a \"Make America Great Again\" hat.", "Congress is not capable of doing anything. At the state level there should be a requirement that all school doors be locked during the day and that students be required to pass through metal detectors. Coats should be removed, and book bags and other large items should be banned or at least subject to inspection. Generally the urban schools are far ahead of the suburban schools when it comes to security. I realize these precautions make a school look more like a prison than a place of learning, but what is the alternative?", "Take metal detectors out of Capitol and reinstall when every public school in America is also equipped. No American child can concentrate in potential combat zone. ", "Only Putin can solve the gun madness ? At this point anything should be tried . ", "Take note legislators. These young people are begging for your help to curb gun violence. They are the future and future voters. Listen to them not to the money the gun lobby and the money thrown at you by them. Otherwise THEY will vote you out.", "\u201cNo laws were violated in the procurement of this weapon,\u201d\n\nOnly the laws of Common Sense! ", "If the shooter had been a member of ISIS instead of a white supremacist group, the talk from Trump wouldn't be about his mental health but about terrorism and illegal immigrants (regardless of the shooter's place of birth). My thoughts and prayers are for voters to remove the obstructionists of real debate on gun control from the levers of government.", "If \"insanity is doing the same thing and expecting different results\"; then are we an insane country?", "I wonder if it was the Psychology Department dimwits that were in on the bullying and tell the teachers to not allow him into a classroom with a backpack on and caused extra bullying and stress in the students life before he was expelled.\nJust because a person is a psychologist or studies psychology doesn't mean they are mentally or emotionally stable. All it means is that they passed an academic exam.\nMaybe just ban all guns from schools and put in metal detectors then the paranoid and budding psychologists with an obsessive compulsive disorder about mental illnesses won't be able to cause trouble and start a witch hunt on students they are bullying. Honestly! By telling a school not to let in a person with a backpack because of what they might do is auto suggestion even if the person never thought of it in the first place.", "Nothing significant has occurred to limit the availably of firearms in the 6 years since 20 little kids were massacred in Newtown CT.  I naively believed that after Sandy Hook that something would finally be done.  I now realize that this is just the world (country) we live in and that nothing will ever be done.", "This is not about mental illness or bad upbringings it\u2019s ASSAULT WEAPONS and the ACCESS to ALL GUNS at a cheap price and without a license and training. Shame on the NRA.", "Once again, this is about guns and a very poisonous gun culture. It is also about fear, which the NRA and those who have been corrupted by the culture wars are responsible for stoking. Fanning the flames of fear and ignorance has been their mission for the last decade. This is the version of America they\u2019ve nurtured. I do not accept it. Now ask the politicians and the talking heads who vehemently oppose gun laws, stop spreading vitriol, stop hiding behind the flag, stop all of it now. Stop talking. Look at your country. Look inside of yourself. What will you do? How will you help? What will you do for these kids and their families?", "I received a cold call from the NRA today. Not sure how I got on their list. I thought it was a joke at first.\n\nThe guy said it was a one question survey: \u201cDo I know of any laws that would prevent a crazy man from murdering people?\u201d\n\nI said \u201cI think preventing risky people from obtaining high powered guns would help prevent mass murders.\u201d\n\nThe NRA guy replied with \u201cFalse. Criminals will get guns whether it\u2019s legal or not so laws don\u2019t matter.\u201d\n\nMy reply to this thought process \u201cSo why outlaw murder then? Criminals continue to do it. Should we repeal laws against murder?\u201d\n\nHe said he did not want to talk to me anymore.\n\nThe NRA must be worried, they\u2019re on a PR push. At what point though does the NRA worry about school children over their beloved guns?", "The argument that armed guards prevent school shootings is BUNK.\n\nPARKLAND, Fla. (WFLA) \u2013  A Florida sheriff says there was an armed officer on campus at the time of a deadly high school shooting.\n\nBut Broward County Sheriff Scott Israel said Thursday the officer never encountered the suspect during the Wednesday afternoon attack that killed 17 people.\n\nColumbine HS - Jefferson County Sheriff\u2019s Deputy Neil Gardner soon would complete his second year as the uniformed community resource officer assigned to Columbine High School.  Gardner, a 15-year veteran of the Sheriff\u2019s Office, normally ate his lunch with the students in the cafeteria during first lunch period.  His car would have been parked in his \u201cnormal spot\u201d in front of the cafeteria doors - between the junior and senior parking lots.\n\n    On April 20, however, Deputy Gardner and campus supervisor Andy Marton, an unarmed school security officer employed by the school district, were eating lunch in Gardner\u2019s  patrol car.  They were monitoring students in the \u201cSmokers\u2019 Pit,\u201d a spot just to the northwest of campus in Clement Park where the students congregated to smoke cigarettes. ", "Quite clearly, the only way to end school massacres is to shut down schools permanently.\n\nThere just seems to be no other way.", "While the youth and future of our nation are being slaughtered almost daily with semi and automatic weapons, our gutless government refuses to ban these weapons for civilian use. ", "Why isn't Trump complicit? He reversed the Obama law in February of 2017 that stops mentally ill people from being registered NOT to be able to buy guns.\nTrumps policy to reverse anything Obama enacted shows how narrow minded POTUS thinks.", "Please spare me Paul Ryan's and trump's empty talking points and the timid pleas of liberal pundits.  Until we repeal the 2nd Amendment and prohibit the ownership of handguns and assault weapons, we tacitly ratify our national pastime of mass slaughter.", "We need to institute a law that bans the NRA from making donations to politicians.", "Each school massacre sears its own indelible images into our memorie.\n\nFor me, the images from this one are those of teenagers running out of their school with their hands up, looking like hostages being released, of the beleaguered sheriff saying that maybe we need to limit some rights in order to protect our children (exactly what rights we are not sure): and Gov. Scott talking about \u201cPure Evil\u201d ( is Pure Evil a synonym for Companies and groups that profit from peddling weapons of war to civilians, including teens.?\n\nEach massacre makes the picture a little clearer:", "The school campus appears to be a very large open campus. Hopefully there will be infrastructure improvements although this, of course, is hind-sight. Many states like California have surrounded their schools with massive gates and fencing with one way entry and exit and plenty of locks; they look like fortresses and Prison compounds. A sad reality.", "Rather than Trump's ludicrous parade, I would like to see a March on Washington composed of the victims and survivors and their friends and supporters.  Purpose of the march would be to demonstrate the sheer numbers of Americans affected and to voice their demands that the problem of gun violence be addressed NOW.  Imagine seeing the Parkland kids, Sandy Hook parents, Virginia Tech alumni, Las Vegas concertgoers, Orlando clubgoers, South Carolina and Texas churchgoers, Colorado moviegoers, and all the rest showing up, many in wheelchairs, and demanding change.  Mothers Against Drunk Drivers was effective in changing laws; maybe we need Mothers Against School Shootings or Mothers Against the NRA.  We need to show the Republicans that we are NOT willing to sacrifice the \"right to life\" of our beloved children and grandchildren in favor of the right of a few crazy, mostly white men to shoot and kill them at will.  The Republican Congress is owned by the NRA. Nothing will change until we show them our numbers and shame them into action.", "I work in a public high school in an upper middle class area where there is an epidemic of anxious and depressed students. Our school offers extensive mental health support.  Guns are not a big part of the culture here, but I fear the day when someone shows up with one and starts shooting. Seems to me that making it harder to get guns is the answer because we will have disturbed people with us always. ", "Over the last two days, in my work as a hospice doctor, I have been driving around in Portland Oregon, and its suburbs, seeing hospice patients. I\u2019ve been listening to Sean Hannity on the radio as I drive. He, and a list of \u201cexperts,\u201d invited on to his show, as well as callers into the show have made a number of suggestions to make sure that the tragedy in Parkland will \u201cnever happen again.\u201d \n\nThe list of suggestions has included metal detectors with airport type security at every entrance to every school in the United States from elementary through high school. No one mentioned college. Another suggestion is that retired police officers and military people, who Mr. Hannity believes would serve for free, walk around the school to secure the boundaries. Another suggestion which came up is that teachers have concealed carry weapons on their person, and the advantages and disadvantage is of training them were debated. Lastly, the suggestion was made by a caller that students have concealed carry weapons. All this to insure that the tragedy like the one we just witnessed will \u201cnever happen again.\u201c \n\nIt\u2019s getting to the point where I\u2019m not sure what country I live in anymore.", "I am a passionate supporter of strict gun regulation.  Nonetheless, I want to comment tonight on mental illness and, specifically, the difficulties faced by families of young men with anger issues who will not get treatment.  My spouse and I know three families in this predicament, and our social circle isn\u2019t that wide.\n\nThe shooter in Miami\u2019s mother called the cops twice, to \u201ctalk sense into him.\u201d They would not arrest him, police now say, because he hadn\u2019t (yet) committed a crime. The standard for commitment is so high, that parents cannot force a disturbed adult child into the hospital or any form of treatment.  Even if he commits a misdemeanor and is arrested, the adult child is not treated - he merely has a conviction record- I.e., another grudge to hold and a new barrier to a stable life. \n\nWe need legal and medical options for these damaged individuals, virtually all of whom send up red flags noted by families, teachers, fellow students and neighbors.  We must develop protocols to work with families with potentially violent adult children,  and some form of compulsory treatment short of commitment, with a lower standard than imminent threat, for those who signal online or in their communities that they are potentIally violent.\n\nThe families of such individuals have literally nowhere to turn; there is no assistance, support, intervention available.  Let\u2019s regulate guns - and disrupt violence, too, by heeding families, teachers and neighbors before violence occurs. ", "I just heard a report on NPR radio about the Florida mass shootings.  The report mentioned the NRA refused to talk to NPR about this most recent Florida mass shooting in what has become an epidemic of mass shootings since January 1 of this year.  \n\nI take their refusal to mean that the cowardly and highly destructive NRA cannot defend its unreasonable and clearly damaging gun violence agenda that with every step (canceled carry, open carry, gun show loophole, etc.) increases gun deaths, including the death of innocent children merely attending school.\n\nTime to hold the promoters and enablers of gun violence feet to the fire!\n\nThe NRA and the politicians who receive the most money from the NRA and who have very high grades from the NRA must be held accountable for the falsehoods they promote about gun safety; for their refusal to allow government-sponsored research on guns with which to make policy; and for blocking every reasonable step toward reducing gun violence, deaths, and injuries in this country.\n\nOr are the press and media also quaking in their boots over the outsized bully power of the NRA?", "I stopped reading at \u201ctrouble with a girl\u201d\n\nas a survivor of sexual abuse as a child and domestic violence as an adult, the past two weeks have been especially difficult (2016-17 no picnic but the Porter disaster has pushed me further on the edge . ..)\n\nI volunteer for Moms Demand Action and there is definitely a link between domestic violence, guns and murder. \n\nsomething about the shooter\u2019s  \u201ctrouble with a girl\u201d  just froze me ~ I\u2019d rather be punched, kicked and thrown across the room again than have an \u2018ex\u2019 pick up a gun and murder others because of his anger issues.  why isn\u2019t it obvious to the government that we need gun control NOW. \n\nI see some women are talking about a \u2018strike\u2019 ... a strike for a day keeping their kids out of school to protest the lack of school safety. It would be economic, to affect the school budget that would still pay bus drivers, cafeteria workers etc.  To take a day off work to protest in state capitals that day. It\u2019s an economic message. \n\nThe NRA buys off the government. Domestic abuse is allowed by members of the administration, school children and teachers are murdered by gun violence. And NOTHING is being done. \n\nWe need to keep resisting this government and fighting for our safety.  ", "I find it fascinating to witness events like the Florida school shooting because it truly unearths the grit and bone of human motivation. However, though it is true that mental illness can play a significant factor in making these sick people commit such heinous crimes, it is not the only thing to blame. A demented person who truly wishes to harm our youth will, one way or another, find the means to do so. The only reason almost every mass casualty event is conducted with a firearm is because of the wide access we have to them. Despite vague background checks, one can easily get a semi-automatic weapon into their hands. We cannot stop the people committing these crimes. However, we can stop the access they have to such powerful weapons. Although tighter gun laws will not stop someone who wishes to wreak havoc, it will make it much harder for them, and much easier for the authorities to contain. Our freedom and privilege to a leading, unmatched education should not be hindered and feared by the possibility of being shot and killed. Therefore it is our duty to uphold our pride and freedom by banning guns.", "In the United States, guns are more precious than children. It is not only the ready availability of the guns themselves, but the fact that we, especially our leaders, glorify guns and violence. It appears that the shooter wanted to go down in a blaze of guns and glory.", "I would have begun this differently if I thought it would be taken with the intent it is meant for. It's not  for \"shock value\" but to say out loud , without bringing attention to anything else. Children are dying. In this country. Not in Afghanistan , Pakistan ,Syria,or any other war ravaged place. We send soldiers all over the world to try and save other countries children. What about ours? Who is trying ,who. Is making them safe? What are we doing? We drag out the same phrases, anguish. We watch parents crying as they describe their children's lives to us as they bury them. Then ,everyone but these people go back to their regular lives. I have never picked up a gun, I pray I never have to. Yet, I feel complicit. We have the tools to make our country safer for our children. Yet, no one has the courage, the strength to fight the perverse people who handcuff us, who have been put into position to enact laws, but hide behind pitiful phrases, \"no words\", \"guns don't kill\" and , well, we'll pray for you\" . With all the praying they do for the children I would rather they actually enacted laws for gun control, mental healthcare. And put their hands back in their pockets and said\"no thank you \" to the NRA.", "We have limitations on the freedom of speech, we're required to have permits sometimes to assemble, and there are other various limitations on even our natural born rights.  Surely weapons that can kill dozens of people in seconds are due certain limitations as well.", "The best way to prevent tragedies like the high school shooting in Parkland, Florida, is to provide security guards in public places.  In Israel, to prevent mass killings, security guards check every person entering public places like schools, malls, restaurants, theaters, supermakets, etc.  In the USA stricter gun laws and expanding mental health treatment will not prevent future shootings; there are so many persons with acsess to guns, that stricter laws will be like closing the stable after the horses escaped.    ", "The sad reality is that if the mass murder of second graders could not get any changes made, the mass murder of high schoolers won't do it either. Nor will the murder of movie goers. Or church goers. Or concert goers. \n\nThe NRA and the people who scream about 2nd Amendment rights are telling us we must all \"live\" with this lottery of death. Legislatures at the State and Federal level are telling us we must all \"live\" with it. That is the reality.", "Yes, it is a mental health problem. A problem that will continue to increase as young people grow up without finding a purpose. But Trump has actively gone against attempts to prevent people with mental health problems to buy guns. \"Report them,\" he say. But to what purpose? Without stricter gun control those reports will have no effect. Trump is either unable to think in a linear fashion or he is deliberately trying to make us all go insane by ignoring that events are connected. We need logic to stay sane. ", "This is all too familiar and so tragic\n\nWe can question why we can\u2019t get some minimal gun control, but we keep on electing people who support the NRA - the GOP House, Senate and of course Trump\n\nUntil white male and female voters stop supporting this it wont change. ", "Why these assault rifles are available to the public is beyond reason. It is why this sort of thing will happen again and again until America wakes up. Why on Earth would anyone want an AR15 except to compensate for low self esteem?", "Suggestions for the GOP that would help reduce tragedies like this better than thoughts and prayers: 1. Ban semi-automatic weapons 2. Require 3 recommendations that would state the person is capable and qualified and in good mental health to be able to own a gun and file these recommendations. 3. Have gun owners pay for all the costs related to gun use illegal and legal 4. Tax tax tax. 5. Require insurance that will ultimately have to cover all the expenses related to the use of firearms 5. Consider the many more suggestions presented in this comment log. 6. Realize that your thoughts and prayers ring hollow if you are a representative who actually has the power to make and vote on legislation that could really make a difference. ", " So the status quo wins because we allow the perfect to be the enemy of the good, i.e. if we can't prevent 100% of gun deaths then 90% is not good enough?\nReally?", "One must ask what has driven our society so far from empathy and a capacity to step back and truly think about our principles.  What's worse, the country is plagued with a leadership that too often embraces the hatred that underlies dastardly acts like this.\n\nQuite right, a wall is being built -  one that blocks out the compassion and progress of which we are capable.  It is costly, not in dollars, but in dignity, respect, and indeed lives.", "The number of kids killed at this school yesterday was more than the number of people who will be killed by guns this year in Japan, and this is a trifle relative to the ~30,000 people who will die from gunshots in the US this year. The solution to this problem is absolutely clear-it's always been clear. But, those on the right will call the solution insanity, and those on the left will call the solution impractical. And at the end of the day, nothing will happen. Just a few more broken-hearted people added to the ranks...", "Sadly, even after SandyHook...\nThe oldest of this country did nothing to change this scourge of assault on the most innocent.\n I believe that the young persons, those who have witnessed, those who have survived, the past and this latest tragedy, will seek and make change happen. Once and for all.\nThis is the only hope.", "America has constitutional gun rights (2nd amendment), meanwhile lthe rest of the western world there are varying degrees of gun privileges. eg. Canada has gun privileges, whereby Parliament can limit, expand, or ban gun ownership whenever they want.... Just like any other law.\n\nWhat should America do? \n\nSchools are a target. Given 272 school shootings since 2014, security has proven to be necessary at schools.\n\nWhat should America do regarding guns?  2 options.\n\n1.  Limit firepower: Reduce the civilian choice of guns and or magazine capacity.  Pragmatic?  Not really.  When rumours of restrictions under Pres. Obama circulated, literally warehouses of high capacity magazines sold out. The amount of guns in public hands is extreme and wide spread.  Gun owner reaction would be civil disobedience, and no will in America exists for turning millions of gun owners into criminals.  \n\nYou could grandfather new firepower restrictions, but this solution would take a generation.  Ie.  Your present guns are yours for life, but can not be passed on or transferred after you die as serviceable weapons.    \n\nOption 2:  Reduce gun carry law restrictions.  The logic goes... If everyone has guns, that keeps everyone honest, and able to stop a madman or woman with a gun.\n\nOk, there is an option 3: A constitutional amendment to revoke the 2nd amendment... and then pass gun privileges like the rest of the world. Removal of the 2nd amendment would positively risk a modern civil war.", "Every official in this country, from deputy sheriffs up to the President, needs to wake up screaming every night, after dreaming that one of their own loved ones was a victim. Then maybe something will change. ", "We have decided as a society that No Lives Matter. Not children, not cops, not even congressmen. Everybody gets shot. I sincerely advise you, if you are reading this, to do what I did. Buy a gun, learn how to use it, get licensed to carry it. I'm no tough guy, but I now have a fighting chance when the next gunfight breaks out in my town. I say \"next\" because we've already had two. ", "We are the adults--we are failing. Greedy Washington losers who take money from the NRA. These kids will vote you all out some day--and what a great day that will be. Pathetic Washington.", "dear Mr President and the Republican leaders, do you honestly believe this tragedy is the mental health issue and ever believe anybody including the health care providers will be able to fix the problem? I assume many of you go to the house of worship and pray, yet you do nothing except blaming game. when was the last time you hug your children, felt honestly you believe in God? it seems you are more afraid of the $50 million war chest of NRA than the God. give our children and parents break. ", "Did he remember to leave a rating for the Uber driver?? ", "I remember back in the 90s the FBI used to infiltrate neo-nazi groups, and perceived them as a threat. With Trump and Sessions, one wonders if the DoJ leadership sees them more as patriots. Certainly they feel pretty enabled to emerge from the shadows. ", "We need to identify the NRA for what they are.  A   organization that promotes the use of guns which eventually leads to violence and killing. To put it bluntly they are a domestic terrorist organization as dangerous as the KKK.  The Republicans who receive money, support the NRA and vote against gun control have much blood on their hands.\nOne must also question why there was almost no mention that Mr. Cruz was in the HS ROTC.  During the peace movement of the late 1960's   they almost became  extinct on college campuses,  Now in our military and gun  culture,  they have a strong presence on the high school level. indoctrinating  our youth with weapons and to join the military. Along with violent video games and movies that glorify war, the minds of our youth are being fed poison and a lack of respect for human life.\nThe end to these senseless and tragic killings will not abate\nuntil we eliminate the power of the NRA, vote out those who support it, eliminate ROTC programs from high schools and make efforts to curb  violent videos as we do with pornography.      ", "If Cruz had been expelled from the school, how was he able to enter the building? And do you  think it a coincidence that Cruz participated in paramilitary drills by a white nationalist group? This  could be a case of domestic terrorism.  And, why are these kinds of private paramilitary  drills even permitted?", "I blame Congress for this.  They will refuse to admit they have blood on their hands, but in reality they are covered all over with the blood of children and young people.  70% of Americans want some type of gun control.  Nothing happens.  Oh yes, politicians' children and grandchildren are not killed.  It is absolutely tragic that our leaders are not responsible adults  - just greedy politicians.", "February 14th. 18th school shooting in the year. That's what, 1 shooting every 2-3 days? When will it be time to make serious policy changes, Paul Ryan?", "which future is better?\n\n... everyone carries a gun ready to draw on each other if they feel threatened?\n\n... only police and criminals have guns?\n\nIf you need to guess at which future has fewer innocent people killed, then support the ability of our Centers for Disease Control to research it.  Right now the US congress prevents these experts from looking into the matter, so that it is only the NRA we hear from.\n\nDon't believe that (since it makes no sense) ... look it up.\n\n\"http://abcnews.go.com/US/federal-government-study-gun-violence/story?id=...\"", "\"House Speaker Paul Ryan said that public policymakers \u201cshouldn\u2019t just knee-jerk before we even have all the facts and the data.\u201d\n\nYea, this is the 18th school shooting just this year, why jump to any conclusions what the problem might be? Paul Ryan and other Republicans are useless.", "We need a great, big wall alright.  A wall around every public school in America until politicians on the right \u201cman-up\u201d against the NRA.", "It is unnecessary, foolish, that civilians should or may own a weapon such as this AR-15  rifle.  The is no need or purpose.  \n\nThe NRA and its alies should step up to the plate to address this violence, and offer some useful suggestions   Otherwise, we should resurrect aversion ot that anti-Vietnam War chant:\n\n\"Hey, Hey, NRA\nHow many kids will you kill today?!\"", "If there were 17 dead senators in the senate chamber today, we would be hearing a very different conversation.", "Nothing will change! I am so disgusted with the leaders ( ha ha ) of this country. You all should be ashamed of yourselves. You all have all the blood of these dead children on your hands. It's not about the \"mentally ill\" - it's about GUNS. All of you take the money from the NRA and look the other way. ", "The way I see it, any member of Congress who takes money from the NRA is an accomplice to murder. Members of the NRA, even when disagreeing with their leadership, simply by currently staying on as members, are ultimately complicit.\nThese people are despicable, and would not be tolerated in any civilized society. I.e., the USA cannot be counted among civilized countries. We are a banana republic, and more so under this president.   ", "It is time that the enemies of President Trump temporarily put aside their witchhunt about the Russia collusion issue.\nLet the President focus on trying to come up with some solution to this tragedy and let him do the normal job of a president.\nNo stupid distractions, please!", "\nI wish there was the same degree of outrage and disgust and organized protests against gun violence in this country as there is for sexual harassment and the #MeToo movement. ", "Do something about it?\nThat might endanger Repubs NRA (Russian) campaign contributions.\nBetter to send thoughts and prayers.\nThat keeps the cash flowing.", "How many of the parents of the children who died voted for pro NRA candidates?", "17 students and teachers dead an all Paul Ryan can say is \u201cThis is one of those moments where we just need to step back and count our blessings.\u201d What? Count your blessings? Tell that to the dead student's parents.... You have done nothing but pocket blood money from the NRA and march in lock step with their ideology.  Yes, action will probably not occur but hopefully reaction will continue until you and your ilk are out of office. ", "The United States of America is currently in the grip of a mad cult. It is a doomsday cult. It is an apocalyptic cult. It is Jonestown. The name of this cult is the Republican Party. It is willing to sacrifice lives in the cause of a mad ideology of weapons of mass destruction for all .and a no regulations/no taxation order suitable for the Wild West.  Why are these people and the NRA not reframed as terrorists? The Sadaam Husseins of the USA? This country is now divided into the Territory of the Sane and the Territory of the Insane .. which is ungoverned and Hobbesian..like the so-called Indian Territory  of the 1800s..those in the former must take steps to absent themselves from the Territory of the Insane.. I.e. Secede ..it is the only answer.. enough is enough.. these people are not reachable..", "Speaking as a would-be paid gun lobbyist, let me first offer prayers. Then thoughts. Then a promise to the victims of the 1,600 mass shootings since Sandy Hook, and to the victims of the 1,600 to come, that our thoughts are with you. And our prayers. And our guarantee that no matter how much blood is spilled, the gun lobby owns enough Congressmen to make very dam sure that nothing is going to pry the firearms rights of mental patients, felons, wife beaters, sociopaths and other responsible gun enthusiasts our of our live warm hands no matter how many of yours are cold and dead. Think about that, and pray. ", "Hey hey NRA, how many kids did you kill today!  Has a familiar ring doesn't it.  Don't fret, nothing will happen.  We're stuck with this forever.", "Cruz's lawyer has described her client as a \"broken human being.\" (That seems to be a certainty, given his apparent aimlessness and the fact that, tragically, both his parents are deceased.)\n\nHowever, the presence of broken human beings is not new. There were also broken human beings when I attended high school nearly 50 years ago. \n\nYet back then, there were no school shootings.\n\nThe difference today (besides the fact that social media is every high-schooler's worst enemy) is that a demonic precedent now exists (Columbine), and too many broken human beings are merely following its playbook.", "As a gun owner and former NRA member, I find the ongoing television coverage of the shooting at Stoneman Douglas High School has become prurient voyeurism. Interviewing survivors gives a superficial image of concern and compassion; questions on what the survivors were feeling in the minutes of crisis, posed with softly voiced empathy, is only slightly more palatable than \u201cthoughts and prayers\u201d quotes bandied about by all the talking heads. Neither addresses the underlying problem; both allow us to feel better about ourselves while we do nothing to stop the violence.\n\nFocus on the shooter\u2019s access to high capacity weapons;\nAddress people with relevant knowledge failing to act to prevent the tragedy;\nExplore why Congress prohibits adequate funding on gun violence research (interview Senator Kamala Harris, she has some excellent ideas);\nStop the tired lie that mass shootings are solely due to inadequate mental health services \u2013 it is access to high lethality weapons;\nInterview our political leaders on their acceptance of campaign dollars from the NRA compared to their voting patterns on gun safety \u2013 Private sale loophole; boyfriend loophole, yada, yada, yada... \n\nYes, network news broadcasts are a difficult format in which to fully present complex issues. Let\u2019s stop pretending. Television interviews of crying survivors and distraught family members, asking how they feel, is NOT news. Leave the emotional voyeurism to other formats. Address the real problem: too many guns.", "Trump boasted that the safety record of US Airlines was due to his good stewardship of the FAA.\n\nThen he should take responsibility for this shooting because of his unconditional support of the NRA and his tacit support for white nationalist movements.\n\nOh, and the congress deserves some credit.  After all they have prevented (by law) the Centers for Disease Control ( an organisation dedicated to the broad health of our nation and adept at seeing statistical trends) from looking into the harm caused by gun violence.  Hmm, wonder why they don't want experts weighing in?  ", "THE Mass killing in USA will \"never end\"! YOU and I hope it will in the next  few years but I'm just the messenger here. On a recent (Nov or Dec 2017 I believe)  Sunday morning talk show, a Republician politician was taking about the Las Vegas shooting and he more or less said (para phrasing): That is the price we have to pay for freedom to have guns in America; some people will have to perish; the const. says we have the right and no one should change it. Sisters/grandmas/kids/anyone in the wrong place at wrong time will pay the price.\nIf after Sandy hook No real substantive changes were  made, why should it now?", "These children are the best argument for sane gun law. They should get together  and speak to America about their lives, their lost friends, and their feelings about sensible gun control (pro or con). They are so articulate. ", "It's not mental illness that explains this. It's not the \"people\" - as in the argument that guns can't shot themselves. \n\nIt's the over abundance guns themselves that cause this. Here's country comparison evidence.      \n\nhttps://www.nytimes.com/2017/11/07/world/americas/mass-shootings-us-inte...", "This could have been prevented if some of the school teachers and pupils hadn't joined in the bullying and made his mental health worse. If teachers are bullying you and predicting you 'might' blow up the school and you let everyone at the school know that the kid can't wear a backpack to school, what do you expect to happen? If a boss bullies you then all the other staff join in - it's the pack mentality at work. The school has to take some of the blame for not getting the student appropriate mental health help and joining in the bullying. If you tell someone constantly that they're bad then they're going to act out on it. One Math teacher said they never had any problems with him in class and their were no behavioural problems.", "So, he is expelled from high school for bringing knives to school - an incident that should have been reported to the police, caused an arrest and a criminal record that would disqualify from buying a gun. But nothing was done.\n\nThen he posts on YouTube, under his own name that he will shoot out a school. It gets reported to the FBI. Again, nothing is done.\n\nAnd commenters here think that more gun laws is the answer!!!!\n\nHow about enforcing the existing laws. Arresting criminals. Reporting crimes to the the NIC database. Following up on threats.", "Trump, who never accepts responsibilities for any of his actions, assigns responsibility for Nikolas Cruz's actions to \"neighbors and classmates [who] knew he was a big problem,\" while never mentioning 1) anything about stricter gun control laws, 2) the $30 million he received from the NRA during his campaign, 3) the speech he made in April 2017 to the NRA in which he stated \"you came through for me, and I am going to come through for you,\" and 4) his repeal of the Obama Administration's regulation to add the names of mentally ill Americans to the database used to make gun purchase background checks. When Trump says Mr. Cruz showed \"so many signs\" of \"bad and erratic behavior,\" he should know: he exhibits those same signs himself. ", "This was reported in the NYT today:\n\n\"In a brief news conference, Speaker Paul D. Ryan said that 'there may be some mental health issues with this shooting,' adding that it was not the time to jump to conclusions about tightening gun laws.\"\n\nIt was also reported that there have been more than 1,600 mass shootings in our country since Sandy Hook.\n\nHow dare you, Mr. Ryan? Jump to conclusions? How is it jumping to conclusions  to do something, anything, to halt this horrific progression toward oblivion. Have you not been able to find the time since Sandy Hook to reflect upon the safety of our children and, more broadly, the safety of our society?  How many more than 1,600 mass shootings do you need to understand that something has to be done to control the means by which these tragedies are repeated? You have always fancied yourself a \"numbers guy.\"  Can you do the simple math that shows approximately 29 mass shootings per month since Sandy Hook?  Can you calculate that means almost one each day?\n\n A successful businessman, who is surely within your natural constituency, once advised me that if he has a problem, he does something and if that something doesn't work, he tries something else. Can you not see that to do nothing is unforgivable and is perhaps better described as dereliction of your moral duty as a political leader, if not frank sociopathy in service of your urge toward self gain at the trough of the NRA and other donors/enablers? ", "Nineteen year old kids have no business with an AR 15 and multiple 30 round magazines unless they are in a firefight in Afghanistan.  Our Congress refuses to act because they are owned by the NRA.  It is time to vote out all politicians who are sanctioned by the NRA.  We are not being well served by the current crop of politicians.", "Ok- we must accept that roughly half of the United States is perfectly fine valuing guns and slaughter to children and their safety (can adults be allowed to live in safety, too?)\nPlease, please to anyone who is left with the potential for rational thought, DO NOT let Republicans or Trump hide behind mental illness as an equivalent issue with access to slaughter guns like AR-15.\nI can speak as one of the \u201cmentally ill\u201d (with therapy and medicines, I live an incredibly rich \u201cnormal\u201d life).\nWhile America likely does have more anxious and depressed people- dubious healthcare, mediocre to bad education (for which you pay, a lot, at the collegiate level) daily costs that are way higher than other \u201cimportant nations\u201d - all the while America is the greatest country on earth- and so forth. ONLY The United States gives these citizens slaughter guns. \n\nSo, preaching to the choir: sure- beef up the lingo of mental health. Feel free to offer some money to the crazy states (like Florida) that have some of the lowest access levels to mental health therapy. \n\nBUT NOTHING will change until there are enough REPUBLICAN voters in those crazy red states to decide that their children are worth more than slaughter guns. \n\nIt\u2019s just about slaughter guns. o, ut ", "When may we sue manufacturers and sellers of semi-automatics? As Blitzer recently asked why can an 18 year old buy a weapon of mass murder but cannot buy a beer in Florida?", "Sue the manufacturers of the AR15 and those companies that sell them to the Public.  Why would anyone who enjoys guns and has a grudge not use them to their full effect - because they just can.  What an opportunity for a US President to make a difference - ban automatic & semi automatic weapons for Public Use.\nNever going to happen.  Absolutely insane!!", "I wonder how much profit a weapon maker makes per life taken.", "HOW does a 19 year old get guns in the first place. Isn't their some kind of age limit?", "Firing Squad. Where was his compassion when he pulled the trigger multiple times? Count the rounds he unloaded on innocent people and repay him. ", "Gun shop retailers are probably going to enjoy a rise in sales, while the rest of us are thinking of and crying for the families of those who died yesterday.  \n\nWe did not lose the election, the NRA and Russia won the election.  ", "Yes, let's talk about mental health. Surely white supremacy had nothing to do with it. And of course, the answer is that every high school kid needs to carry a gun. A gun in every American hand, starting at age 12.", "I posted earlier that the shooter was likely  the product of divorce or a \"single\" mom. NYT has another article that states the shooter and his brother were adopted and the adoptive father died years ago. Many adoptive children are spoiled (eg undisciped) by the adoptive parents becaue they're so grateful for kids that they spoil them. The mother in this case let things get so out of hand that she would call the cops on her kids. All because she did not do her job in the first place.  The mother is responsible for creating the monster.\n\n\u201cLet the child's first lesson be obedience, and the second will be what thou wilt.\u201d \u2015Benjamin Franklin", "Trump, Grassley and Rubio, among other NRA apologists, said they need to address mental health issues. They were the ones who rescinded an Obama era rule that allowed social security to share with law enforcement about gun applicant mental health status. They can lie but they cannot hide their vote records.", "Now we go through the candle-lit flowers and hand-wringing ritual--again.  This country should be collectively ashamed and might consider that this is what happens when voters elect cowards, idiots and snake-oil salesmen to public office.", "Trump will apply bandaid to pulsating hemorrhage of heinous American Weapon Procurement System invoked for centuries. Enough!", "\"The shooting, captured on cellphone video by terrified students, has renewed a national debate on how to prevent more tragedies.\"  Duh.", "1. Mass shooting\n2. Politicians decry one another \"politicizing\" the shooting\n3. Outpouring of \"our thoughts and prayers are with _____\"\n4. Gun control rhetoric and gun sales spike simultaneously\n5. See #1.", "Some mass murderers are mentally disturbed. Many are not. The Vegas killer showed no signs on mental instability, for example. They just had a desire to kill, planned for it, bought their weapons and began to shoot.", "I find it hard to understand why Americans can't fix their gun problem. It's as though you all have some kind of collective blind spot when it comes to gun control. The NRA, the First Amendment,the ole pioneering spirit of the West,self protection,these excuses are dragged out after every mass murder and you never do anything...crazy stuff.\nOther countries can do it (like mine for instance) so why can't you?\n\nThe poor families of these murdered kids and teachers and all the other past victims and all the future victims cry out for you guys to change your ways, so how about?", "I'm sad and scared that an emotionally unstable person can obtain weapons and shoot indiscriminately in this country.  \n\nPoliticians who receive money from the NRA should be forbidden from offering \"thoughts and prayers\" or concern for \"mental health\", when simple action will suffice.\nEdit (in 5 minutes)", "We live in a nation with disturbing absurdities. You can't bring a Swiss army utility knife with a dull 3 inch blade into a government building or onto a plane, but a 19 year old can buy an assault rifle without any delay. Most people with mental illness are not violent, and some people are just pure evil. Let's stop conflating the two. He is not some paranoid schizophrenic hearing voices and pushing a stranger in front of the train. This guy trained with white supremacists, called an Uber, killed 17 people, and then with a calmness that should send a collective chill down all of our spines, went to Subway for a refreshment. That's evil. \n\n  What is really crazy is a nation in which one mass shooting after the next garners nothing but feigned outrage, fake sympathy, and empty promises that will be forgotten in a few days until the next tragedy. Too many of our elected officials take money from special interests like the NRA, gun manufacturers, to be able to carry out their sworn duty as public servants. And that too is evil by definition (profoundly immoral).", "Trump offers Help? Right. ", "I've just read the profiles of the young people lost to this senseless act. It's truly heartbreaking, and underscores once again the national disgrace of our failure to address the scourge of guns. \n\nShame on the NRA, shame on the craven politicians who refuse to act while the national slaughter goes on. Shame on you all. ", "Speaker Paul Ryan & others are quoted as saying \"now is not the time...\"\n\nExcuse me Mr. Speaker, but just when will be the time to have a serious conversation about gun control?  How much time do you need after Columbine, after Sandy Hook...??  Please let the American people know when would be convenient for you.\nSorry... but the Founders when writing the 2nd Amendment did not envision the rampant gun violence that grips our country today.", "He is a home grown terrorist. Period. Mental illness allowed him to be radicalized.\nIt is time for serious gun control to save us from tomorrow's terrorist attack led by powerless Americans.", "Cruz was radicalized by a white supremacist group. Why isn't that front and center in NYT coverage? White supremacist groups have been emboldened and elevated by trump. Why isn't that being discussed? \n\ntrump, conservatives, evangelicals, racists, and Republicans in Congress are all complicit in this mass shooting--in all the school shootings since trump has taken office. When are they going to be held accountable?", "Trump also exemplifies the bullying, gun culture, poor character, misogyny and white supremacy character that is the problem.", "Wait, so this killer was partially trained by a paramilitary white nationalist group and then committed cold blood murder. Why is this not being classified by the politicians and the media for it really is? Namely, DOMESTIC TERRORISM. If this is not domestic terrorism, I do not know what is.", "Making America great again, one dead kid at a time, courtesy of the republicans, the scalia 5 supreme court (Thomas, Roberts, alito, Kennedy, and the beloved Antonin) , and the nra, all of whom believe these terrorist killings are a small price to pay for all guns, all the time.", "How about trying just \"Thoughts\" for an actual solution?\n\nWait, I'll just \"Pray\" that you will.", "Why do people look for reason?  He knew exactly what he was doing and he's not at the end of the line. Obama tried so hard to end this violence and all his efforts resulted in Trump, whose waiting for a non-white to pull the next trigger.\n\nThis country is completely complicit! ", "If an 18 year old in Florida can be deemed trustworthy with a deadly weapon, they should be permitted to purchase alcohol.\nAmerica is mired in perverse, needless violence and blind to its hypocrisy.", "Advertising is a driving component in gun ownership! Has anyone remember actually see an advertisement for the N.R.A. or Colt?? No! Do you know why? Because every single night on TV you have shows that have actors toting every gun imaginable. Hollywood can't make a film without someone getting shot up and promoting it with a trailer or movie poster with someone branching a gun!\nHollywood is just as complicit as the N.R.A. They are the best lobbyists money can buy!", "Our fearless leader and his gun totting followers give completely empty, useless words in reference to this and all gun related disasters: \"... he would make school safety a top priority\" - wow, now I feel much safer. He also said \u201cWe are here for you \u2014 whatever you need, whatever we can do, to ease your pain\u201d. What we all need is a president and congress who take concrete action to prevent these more and more frequent disasters - more Americans are killed by guns (legal and illegal) than terrorist acts. They tell everyone it's a mental health issue so I think they (Trump, et al) should go to a therapist - they need the mental health treatment. What a bunch of sick buffoons.", "Lets face some facts:\nIn the EU every year are 1.000 people killed by Weapon, 510 Million People are living in the EU and they change the ability to get weapon cause they think to many innocent die.\nIf i count Chicago, Miami and LA do i have 1.000 kills?\nSince 1979 more children died from firearm-related deaths as US-Soldiers in the Korea and Vietnam-War.\nMore US-Citizen (300.000) have died from guns in the United States since 1968 than on battlefields of all wars in American history (starting 1775)and yes, WW1 and WW2 are in it. \n\nSorry about my english....it\u00b4s rusty and bad, i know.", "\"The AR-15 rifle used in the attack was purchased legally.\"\n\nThat says it all.", "Guess what?! Anyone who purchases an AR-15 or the like IS mentally ill. You need it for protection? That is pure paranoia. You need it in case the government goes rogue and starts attacking it's citizens - paranoia plus delusions of grandeur if you think that weapon will be of any use against the U.S. military in that delusional scenario. You need it to hunt?! Not only is that \"overkill\", isn't it a pretty good sign of mental illness when people kill animals for no reason. Plant something tasty in your yard and the deer will just show up for lunch. There is no legitimate reason on this planet for an individual to need that any type of weapon that shoots more than a single bullet. You're all cowards. And the senators who refuse to ban these weapons have a great deal of blood on their hands. It is disgusting.", "Gov. Rick Scot of Florida wants to meet with state legislators for more funding for school safety. Are these leaders and legislators tone-deaf or willfully remaining deaf or will they just go around in circles skirting the issue.....until the next massacre. Why do they refuse to see the elephant in the room - GUNS! Every issue is thrown around that needs fixing after every carnage. Nothing happens, the loss of lives is forgotten... until the next one!\nLicenses, lock boxes, background checks, a wait of one month between 2 purchases, limiting purchases to 1 gun per month ( 12 guns/yr. ?? ), banning semi-automatics and ammunition and oh, treating mental disorders. This killer did everything by the book and so he can legally kill? Because that is the bottom line - license to kill! Frankly the US might be the only country where killing is easy because of our GUN LAWS. School safety? Sure Rick Scott. Call for emergent meetings, fly our flag at half-mast, cry crocodile tears, denounce the monster and the condolences prayers, comforting prayers...Americans are such sanctimonious hypocrites. They even let their own children to die. School safety? Why not just BAN guns? But that is a big NO. The NRA has to be kept happy.\nI'm sorry to say this, but I feel obligated. What would the reaction be if this carnage happened at Sidwell School?", "Maybe people should \"visit\" the gun manufacturers that make these guns and \"demand\" an \"explainatiom\" - they payoff politicians to allow this - and get off scott free.", "Whose children will have to die before we bring down the quick and obvious curtain on this?", "Connecting the dots, there\u2019s  a deranged youth likely wearing a \u201cMake America Great Again\u201d hat who\u2019s a member of a White Supremacy group and violent towards females (and not only). Now let me think.... Who could have helped inspire this kid to go crazy? ", "And once again the people of our nation with mental illness become the target of the finger of blame. ", "There is no way this president can talk about mental health and guns when he bragged - bragged - that he could walk down Fifth Avenue, shoot someone and not loose a single vote. He wants to talk about mental health? He should get his own checked out first. ", "\"He's just a broken human being,\" said Cruz's lawyer, as if that justifies or explains what he did when he took an AR-15 to school and murdered at least 17 people.  No, Ms. McNeill, Nikolas Cruz is a member of a white supremacist group and he is a home-grown terrorist murderer.  What IS broken is our system, for allowing people to get guns more easily than driver's licenses, and the worlds of the friends and families of those who were killed at the hands of this white supremacist terrorist. ", "Where was the only armed security guard? He ought to have been at the only accessible entry to and from the school during class hours when the gunman arrived there? Doesn\u2019t\u2019t  the Times editorial office on 44th Street have only one street level public access staffed by several security officers identifying visitors?", "And the horror will continue; the morally bankrupt, slaves-to-the-NRA Republicans in the House just passed legislation that grants reciprocity for conceal and carry owners to those states that don't allow it. Great....now we'll have individuals like this young man feeling emboldened to go wherever they please to wreak their havoc. And yeah, it was done yesterday - same day as this shooting. ", "If there are actually any Republicans out there who care about preventing these tragedies, here's some enlightening reading from the NY Times:\nhttps://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/04/opinion/thoughts-prayers-...\nThis is why we don't have reasonable, responsible gun control and never will--the NRA owns the Republican Party.  ", "Is the NRA a terrorist organization?\nThe U.S. Code of Federal Regulations defines terrorism as \"the unlawful use of force and violence against persons or property to intimidate or coerce a government, the civilian population, or any segment thereof, in furtherance of political or social objectives\" (28 C.F.R.\nJust sayin'.", "so Ryan says policy makers \"shouldn't just knee-jerk before we even have all the facts and the data.\"  Do tell, Mr. Ryan, what exactly are the \"facts and data\" that would cause you to take action on gun control?\n\nAnd anyway, \"knee jerk\" is a ridiculous description.  if congress were to actually do anything ANYTHING about gun control, it would be a DECADES long \"knee-jerk\"\n\nGo ahead, Trump, take credit for all the shootings on your watch.  \n\nfor shame.", "If you have the right to buy the gun, you have the de facto right to use that gun to commit murder.\n\nAmericans values the rights of gun owners more than they value the lives of their own children.\n\nIt's insane.", "The shooter\u2019s ilk are Trump\u2019s base.", "It probably won't happen under this administration, but I think it's time to start treating these paramilitary white supremacist/nationalist groups as a serious domestic threat. Back in the 90s, Europeans did not take seriously rising levels of crime among their Muslim populations, nor did they bother to properly monitor mosques that were proven to be promoting extremist dogma. Caution was dismissed as overblown and racist. Even after 9/11, the politicians dragged their feet. Today, there are now terrorist cells in Europe that operate like weeds. They are extremely difficult to destroy, because they took root a long time ago.\n\nThis incident is obviously not nearly as catastrophic as 9/11, but it's a grim warning of things to come. We should not make the same mistake. White nationalists are rearing their ugly faces yet again. We need to confront this problem now, before it continues to grow.", "In a situation like the one about the youtube post, shouldn\u2019t the FBI be able to access weapons purchase records? ", "Thanks W for stopping the assault weapons gun ban.  You just killed 17 people, most of them children.", "I have no doubt that when future historians look back at our country, they will conclude that for a time America went insane. They elected a President that lies with nearly every breath, they allowed the mass shootings of children, they took health care away from poor people, and all in the name of what? Freedom, some would say. Temporary paranoid psychosis I would say. I hope the historians note that when the Republican party was swept away in the 2018 and 2020 elections, everything changed.", "I'm listening to Gov. Rick Scott of Florida interviewed on CNN and the main take away I am getting from this man is to tell Florida voters to throw this man out of office.  The lies and hypocrisy is mind-boggling.  A typical Republican.", "The criminal act was allowing a nineteen-year-old to have this rifle.", "We're a Culture of Bullies with Guns\nOur society worships selfishness, fame, hate, violence, guns and bullies and we shouldn't be surprised we create monsters like Nikolas Cruz. The same sick values that created this monster are embodied in our national leaders and legislators who give us insanely lax gun laws. Even so-called 'liberals' who decry our lax gun laws are part of our bullying culture and it shows as most of them turn a blind eye to the bullying which mutated Cruz and other school shooters and leads to counless suicides by others who are bullied. Even the Liberal mockery of 'Thoughts and Prayers' represents hateful bullying.\n\nIt's obvious to me that we need much stronger laws over the control of guns, but there is a bigger point here. Our citizenry and our most basic values have become selfish, cruel and violent. Friendship has become a mafia, heroes have become evil, killing has become fun. We are now a world of bullies with technological capabilities never dreamed of only 100 years ago.\n\nPop Culture reflects our society very well. Christmas ads where the more ", "Of course, Cruz bought his gun legally.  That is the only way the NRA and the Republicans would want it.", "Another shooting the same response; nothing.  Americans have become a herd of violent, armed sheep, an oxymoron but I can't think of a better description.", "He is an Orphan and society is paying for the sins of his parents who throw him on the street. He had mental issues and whole school knew about that but still nothing was done. The law of the land says that you can not do anything until the crime is committed . ", "The question still remains: why did the FBI - who were informed about Cruz LAST September by a 37 year old You Tube video blogger named Ben Bennight, who emailed a screenshot of Cruz' comment to the FBI's tips account, and then flagged the comment on YouTube, who promptly removed it from the video - did NOTHING to followup on Cruz' comment: \"I'm going to be a professional school shooter.\" The FBI contacted Bennight right after he emailed them the posting, and they also called him right after Cruz did his shooting. But between last September and yesterday\u2026they did not investigate, do any followup to Bennight, they did nothing. What were they doing and what are they supposed to do? Maybe the Trump Russian collusion investigation was more important than preventing another school massacre? Who knows, but questions need to be asked and some heads should roll.", "Oh, he purchased it legally.  Then it's all right then.  Thank you.", "Where does an unemployed, troubled 19 yr. old get the money to purchase an AR15, his other weaponry and the ammunition?  \n\nMaybe the folks who took him in were trying to do a good thing for him, but they know he's troubled, and they allow a weapons cache that includes an assault rifle?  \n\nI just looked up the price on such a weapon - from $600 up to $2500 depending on how it's \"fitted out\".  Reading the commentary on this website was nauseating \"so excited - my wife got it for my birthday\".\n\nThe NRA, the Paul Ryan's, every single republican federal/state, and fake democrats like Joe Manchin - they all have these kids blood on their hands.  These, all the many deaths that have gone before, and no doubt the many more to come.  The NRA owns every one of them - jointly with Kochs, Mercers, Adelson - the list is long.\n\nHearts and prayers.  They offer their hearts and prayers.  They have no hearts and they only worship the almighty dollar. \n\nI cry again, broken hearted for these kids and families I don't even know.  \n\nTears now turning to outrage.  Outrage that the people whose sworn duty is to protect the commonwealth now only protect their pockets and privilege - whatever the cost.  \n\nNovember 6, 2018.  Throw 'em out like the trash they are.", "The last thing that school needs is Trump making a publicity step on his way to the golf course.", "Solution.\n\n1 Profile school troublemakers\n2 Mandatory meetings with law enforcement and counselors\n3 No access or ownership of any guns until 21 for identified troublemakers\n4 Train and arm at least one school worker", "As I have heard, some of the students from this High School in Parkland Florida have said, ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!! America is with you.", "I just saw a headline in the NYT \"Trump Focuses on Mental Health Over Gun Control\" and I'm appalled that he blames it on mental health. There is no need to sell AR-15's. The second amendment was adopted on December 15, 1791 when all they had were muzzle loading rifles and pistols not semi-auto weapons. How many more kids need to be killed until congress acts. The politicians that continue to support the NRA are disgusting. ", "It is very annoying that this page voices their bias political opinions to the public news. I wish we could keep the finger pointing out of this and actually find a resolution. This is all just sad, prayers for the victims...", "Do survivors of mass shootings at schools tend later to vote for more guns, or fewer?  In other words, Republican, or Democrat?  ", "So we're not allowed to talk about guns -- or the fact that white supremacists are the number one terrorist threat to America. We can talk about the fact that he's mentally ill -- but not about the fact that Trump eliminated Obama-era restrictions so the mentally ill can get guns. We can talk about the fact that he's young -- but not about the fact that Republicans in Florida rolled back regulations against 18 and 19 year olds owning weapons -- even though an astonishing percentage or murders are committed by 18 and 19 year olds? (I want to say 18 is the most common age for someone to commit murder.)\n\nThe NY Times posted a list of NRA donations to various members of Congress. Can we break that list down and divide it by number of dead children? I want to know how much members of Congress are getting per dead child. Is it $1000? More? \n\nLet's talk about that.", "\"Well,...here's a(nother) Legal Gun Owner,..that shouldn't of been a legal gun owner.\"\n\nI do know we're finding out ___ Mass Shooting Deaths too late when a Person Shouldn't of been a Legal Gun Owner.", "3% of the population owns most of the guns. Why does 3% of the population get to make the laws?", "Until some genius at MIT can invent personal force fields for our children (hurry up by the way), the only hope we have is for gun regulation by politicians.  \"This american carnage stops here\" was what Trump declared, of course, he has no clue how to do it and we are left with this mess.  Its just going to get worse and worse.  Might as well just let children stay at home and learn online.", "Pure insanity.  By that I mean Trump, the GOP-dominated Congress, and the NRA, who funds their elections.\nOh, and maybe the shooter is insane, too.  But no more than the GOP and NRA that gave the killer his insane firepower.", "Flood the Yelp site of the store who sold him the gun with comments.  Why do you have to carry these weapons at your store?  Why?  What purpose do they serve other than to kill people?  Why?  Because there's demand?  For what?  ", "Australia has no mass shootings.  We have military weapons on the streets.  Marco Rubio and Gov Scott voted to allow assault weapons, so they are Accessories Before the Fact.  Without them, the weapons would not have been available for the coward with a gun.  ", "All kinds of questions??/ Mass murderers versus serial killers? Sandy Hook was the most horrific... -- that said... should school personnel (some be armed and deputized?) at all school evles-- college slaying as well?  (Never thought I would go for arming the good guys but here I go.)  American society is harsh BTW -- and IMO everyone out there no exceptions would benefit from a therapy with total strangers.. (not family, not friends.)  We no longer have very strong social groups, e.g old fashioned churches with various activities nd event or at least most people do not participate.   Why was the door to the high school not locked? or did he sneak in.. Of course he could have killed an armed guard w/o being detected..for a while.  Many years ago a Swedish study of separated identical twins suggested criminality was geneetic?   Does that still hold?\nSad Sad story... Not so sure that strict gun control would do much... The cat so to speak is out of the bag.... am leaning more towards arm the old ladies... ", "Hey Trump nation, Its not MS-13, Its AR-15. Stop the Lobby.", "I don't understand why responsible citizens are not declaring war on the NRA.  It's a terrorist organization that, along with Republican politicians, has contributed to the deaths of our children.  Put a stop to it.  Time's up.", "Jordan Jereb's denial of his and his white nationalist group's responsibility is as predictable as it is appalling. They share responsibility. If you foster hate, you need to be held accountable for the actions of the people you incite. This is a tough freedom of speech question, surely, but it's time to open the discussion, as it will take a long time to find an answer.\nIt's also predictable that the Governor of FL and Trump are focusing on mental illness.  Don't give Nick Cruz a pass of not-guilty by reason of insanity.  Being sick isn't the same as being insane. Once again, the GOP is trying to create a distraction from the real issue: their mutual support with the NRA.", "High school kids nationwide should strike. ", "How can it be that an 18 year old in Florida cannot legally buy a beer, but they can buy an AR 15?  ", "The NRA contributed $30 million to the Trump campaign, $30 million of that passed through from Russian sources.\n\nTrump does the bidding of the NRA and Putin.  No gun laws.", "Some gun control basics so kids stop dying and Republicans stop embarrassing themselves with their ridiculous 2nd Amendment baloney:\n1.  Ban assault rifles.\n2.  Ban bump stocks.\n3.  Minimum age for guns 21 for women, 35 for men (testosterone is the problem; women don't do mass shootings).\n4.  Concealed carry for teachers and administrators that wish to carry, with proper ongoing training and certification.\n5.  Gun shows are just for show.  You buy from the local gun store in your state.\n6.  Tougher background checks.\n7.  More police for soft targets like schools & malls.", "Having raised both girls and boys, two things immediately come to mind when these tragedies occur:\n\n1) American schools have totally abandoned adolescent boys.  Schools especially are managed to accelerate girls\u2019 development, to the detriment of boys.    God programmed boys to be rambunctious, loud, restless, to have short attention spans, and to engage in physical contact with their peers. \n\nSchools are designed to punish all these natural tendencies, and to educate in ways totally contrary to these genetically inevitable traits. \n\nSmall wonder girls are excelling in grade school, high school, college, as a category far outpacing boys\u2019 accomplishment. \n\n2). Society recently has been redesigned to make much traditional youthful male behavior inappropriate or illegal.  Every minor physical contact is a \u201cbattery\u201d, every traded verbal barb is \u201cbullying\u201d, every small indiscretion requires medication and counseling to conform to more acceptable, dare I say it \u201cfeminine\u201d standards. \n\nSmall wonder boys are far more likely to be dragged into the criminal justice web, and their futures destroyed, than girls. \n\nWhen America stops attacking its young men - for being young men - things will improve. ", "Thoughts from Canada:  American hyper-individualism and historical violence (the American Revolution, slavery, the Civil War, the \"winning\" of the West, Prohibition gangsterism, institutionalized military adventurism, etc.) and the lack of political will to amend the 2nd Amendment (to take into account increasingly lethal weapons technologies) have dug you a large and mucky hole.  The clowns in the NRA are actually correct in their assertion that, if gun control legislation were enacted, the criminals would still have guns because the guns are out there and criminals wouldn't give them up.  It would be less painful in the long run for law-abiding citizens to relinquish their weapons while the authorities slowly deprive criminals of theirs, but few politicians would have the guts to run on such a platform, and one can envision America's sizable lunatic fringe of gun-owners staging standoffs with the cops, FBI, and inevitably the army from sea to shining sea.  I wish I could be more optimistic about your prospects, but I can't see any change forthcoming.  If you learn French and gain skills in specialized occupations, Canada could take a few of you. ", "Using \u201cmental health\u201d is a ploy to distract the sheeple from the real issue.  In order to stop the horrendous violence, we need more and better gun control laws that are enforced.  Why does anyone need an AR -15?  Reenact the assault weapons ban.  A good place to start.", "So let's see...the FBI was alerted to a comment made on Youtube where the shooter said he'd one day be a 'professional school shooter'...a comment that should NEVER be taken lightly when posted on Social Media...the comment made was accompanied by the shooter's REAL NAME.  This shooter was already thought to be a 'concern' by his former school, and by his own mother, who repeatedly called the police to come to their home.  This shooter had a RECORD of purchasing weapons, including an AR-15.  This shooter had social media accounts with photos of weaponry, and a frog he'd apparently killed.\n\nSorry, but if our own 'FBI' didn't have the research skills and deductive reasoning to bring this person in for questioning, BEFORE this mass murder took place, then I'm not sure what on earth our tax dollars are paying for??", "When the likes of Marco Rubio or Rick Scott governor of Florida, or Donald Trump want to open their mouths to deliver prayers or sympathies or anything else, they should be interrupted told the following:  \"Don't waste your breath, don't you dare give us more phony pieties or empty words.  Until you and ready to tell us that you are prepared to take action of an assault weapons ban, robust loophole free background checks and assault weapon gun buybacks with the money you were going to waste on a wall with Mexico that will do absolutely nothing to enhance our border security, just keep your mouth shut.  These slaughters of the innocents have gone on far too long for anyone to believe this is about a philosophical or or intellectual debate on guns.  Everybody and I mean everybody knows at this point that the ban, buyback, and background check is where we have to start.  Until that is in place, talk of mental health, or preparedness, or school security is just a diversion.  Assault weapons with magazines of 30, 50 or 100 bullets have to be gone.  So until you are ready to acknowledge the obvious we don't want to hear a word out of hypocritical mouths. SWave us your phony caring or religiosity.\"", "\u201cSo many signs that the Florida shooter was mentally disturbed, even expelled from school for bad and erratic behavior,\u201d Mr. Trump said. \n\nDidn't Fred Trump yank little Donny out of middle school for a stint at New York Military Academy, precisely because of \"bad and erratic\" behavior?  Was this an early demonstration that our so-called President is \"mentally disturbed\"?", "The goal:   take away certain guns from all people and all guns from certain people.    ", "Until this war, and it is a war, is brought to the NRA\u2019s doorsetp, this will never end. We need to occupy their headquarters and make it perfectly clear that they are no longer welcome in America. Until then, re-start the Mass Shootings countdown clock and hope next time it\u2019s not you or someone you love that becomes the next victim to their profiteering.", "Americans obviously love mass shootings and dead school children, or else they would do something to stop it. The solutions aren't difficult.  Start your research at any civilized country on the planet.", "This is an obvious warning sign of social malaise. Our country has always had disenfranchised individuals with dangerous mental health issues... but we are having more mass shootings than ever in our history. There are many contributing factors and addressing mental health concerns alone is far from an adequate response.\n\nFirst, it is idiotic for citizens to own semi-automatic weapons. No other developed country allows it. These are killing machines, not recreational or necessary for self-defense. Americans who support ownership of these weapons are either proponents of violence and/or exist in a naive bubble.\n\nSecond, social media has intensified disenfranchisement and delusional behavior. Others\u2019 lives are perceived as glamorous and out of reach. It is now routine behavior to \u201cblow\u201d others off and, quite frankly, people behave quite rudely in our culture. Intended or not.\n\nLastly, our president thrives on conflict and absolutely is responsible for inflaming social division and the toxicity of current politics. Double talk and stretching rules for self-gain has given the thumbs up to psychotic behavior.", "In Florida, you can but an AR-15 assault weapon when you are 18 with no waiting period. But you can't buy a handgun until you are 21. I hope governor Rick Scott and legislators responsible for these laws are held accountable.", "\"\u201cNo laws were violated in the procurement of this weapon,\u201d said Peter J. Forcelli, the special agent in charge for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives in Miami\"\n\nIn Florida, there are no laws that could be broken in purchasing  an AR-15.", "You can't use an assault rifle to kill deer, but you can use one to kill students...", "While politicians of all stripes fear or take money from the NRA, nothing will change. NOTHING.  This, like Columbine, will just eventually be one of \"those unfortunate events\" topic of conversation and nothing more.  Nothing will change!", "The media keep asking, \"why, after all the signs, was this young man not prevented...\"  Because violence is gendered male and is culturally normalized as a way for boys and men to assert dominance and sufficient masculinity.  Look at any \"shoot 'em up\" Hollywood film and you'll recognize the message--supposedly \"real\" men respond to any slight with outstanding violence.  (Note: almost every school shooting is committed by males)  This is a gun problem certainly, but it goes hand in hand with the social norm that links \"real\" masculinity with denying emotions and the use of the most violent and deadly of weapons.  In this way certain extreme aspects of stereotypical masculinity are toxic.  The reality about masculinity is far more complex and humane than it is depicted in the media, real men know that this violent stereotype is false,  dehumanizing, and deadly.", "Yes, Trump well might visit Parkland. It's on the way to Mar-a-Lago. Perhaps he will have Florida's esteemed governor  and \"Little Marco\" join him in what will probably turn out to be a campaign rally.\n\nTrump does not have an empathetic bone in his body, nor two synapses to rub together in his limited brain. He does not have the wherewithal to even want to try and stop the carnage of school shootings.  The NRA and his base base would crucify Trump if he took a stand on gun control. Any stand.", "Okay let's play the Banana RepubliCon/NRA game:\nIt's not guns that kill people\nIt's the mentally ill.\n\nSo why are potential purchasers NOT screened for mental illness prior to purchase?\nReasonable.\nAnd since mental illness could manifest at any time during a lifetime:\nWhy not have gun owners screened every couple of years?\nUsing the voter ID excuse (why complain about showing ID to vote when you have to show it to get on a plane......)\nWhy not conduct periodic mental health screening of gun owners?\nAfter all, the state checks your eyesight every couple of years for your drivers license.....\nFinally, why not require gun owners to obtain insurance to protect others from improper use,\njust like car insurance.......\nreasonable.\n\nIt is NOT about a right to own.\n\nIt is about the ability to SELL.", "So if this is really about mental health issue then why not provide affordable health care to all and tighter access on purchase of assault rifles if you are mentally ill.  \n\nOh, that's right, Trump doesn't want either!  Let's just focus on stock market and economy.", "Who needs to have an AR-15 rifle? Why our politicians are still under the control of the NRA? What would the same politicians think of another country in which the citizens are able to legally buy a weapon of mass destruction that has already killed so many innocent children in their schools? Would they call that country a civilized democracy? Would they actually be proud of belonging to such a country? If our president and politicians want to make America Great they could begin by showing us all and the rest of the world that this is  a civilized country. Just take a look at the comments in the foreigner news papers and decide by yourselves, not by thinking in the money from the NRA. Enough is enough.", "Hate is not a mental health issue!\n\nThere's an old joke with a lot of truth to it: \"How many therapists does it take to change a light bulb?\"  Just one - but the light bulb has to WANT TO CHANGE.\"\n\nAs a mental health specialist with 40+ years experience, I am telling you - we do not have the answer. Our track record curing angry people stinks.\n\nWhat a strange contrast in public issues right now. Tolerance for people who want to come here and contribute to our country -- zero: tolerance for selling military grade weapons to pretty much anyone-- infinite. ", "There is no parent in the United States today who can guarantee that their child will end his or her day alive.  If this is the kind of fear parents live with, consider what it may be like for our children.\n\nWhat more do we need?  More dead kids?  How many?  How often?  What grade?  High school?  Middle school?  Kindergarten?  \n\nAnd let's not forget, it's not guns.  No, only a treasonous do-gooder would suggest guns are the problem.  No, it's mental health.  That's really the culprit.  Mental health.  Of course.  Let's light candles, pray, cry, and go after that illusive mental health problem no government official will ever attempt to define.  Mental health, yes.  That's really what's causing this carnage.  The bloodshed today and tomorrow, and the day after that, and the next month, and the next year and --", "A lot of great corporate product placement in the first paragraph  . . . except in this context.  If we worked even half as hard to prevent these kinds of killings as we did to promote and encourage the things that accommodate them, that would be saying a lot.", "Too many guns.  Not enough gun regulations.  Michael Moore was right in 2012 about the Newtown shooting when he said that the US Government would act (and the NRA would be overridden) if only photos had been released to the media of those poor children murdered as they lay in their school.  Maybe that cruel act to push public support for gun laws would have finally jolted the politicians out of their blind support of the gun makers.  What will it take?  We are hiding from the reality of this horrible crimes.", "I hate to say it but from what I can tell the hate groups who support Trump and that Trump has implicitly endorsed all welcome these shootings and get off on seeing the grieving community that rejects them.\n\nMost of us want to end gun violence, but many Trump supporters embrace it.", "A few weeks ago Trump took credit for U.S. airline safety, the report came out on his watch.  Journalist should call him on this,  we are now averaging two to three school shooting per week on his watch.  He and his administration now owns these tragedies.  ", "If Columbine couldn't bring sensible gun control laws, if Sandy Hook couldn't, if Marjory Stoneman couldn't. If the 208th school shooting since 1999 couldn't. If Aurora couldn't, if San Bernardino couldn't, if Orlando couldn't, if Las Vegas couldn't. If the countless nameless and unpublicized incidents of gun violence in America couldn't. If the fact that mass shootings having tripled since 2000 couldn't. If getting shot at their own charity baseball practice couldn't. The fact is that until someone walks onto the floors of Congress with an AR-15 and opens fire, and possibly even then, we will not have change. Our representatives do not represent us or our best interests and anyone who genuinely feels or tells you differently has been lobotomized. Our representatives do not live with or among us, they are removed from our problems, manipulated with private and corporate 'donation' and yet they dictate our lives and solutions. Thoughts and prayers do absolutely nothing in the face of a gun. They are hollow platitudes uttered by hollow people propped up by money. It is time those who vote at the highest level for this lawless, feckless excuse for gun control felt what their constituents feel and deal with every single day. Cruz pulled the trigger yesterday but all of this blood lays squarely on those red ties and flag pin lapels.\n\nWe are reaping what they sow.", "Devastating news to wake up to while visiting this otherwise amazing country - the US. Prayers and condolences (even those delivered on Twitter...) from a president are unlikely to solve mass shootings in the U.S. People with guns kill people.  People with 500 USD semi-automatic rifles and easy access to ample amounts of bullets seem to kill a lot more. \u2018There really are no words\u2019, said the sheriff. Well, let me help you: ban these weapons.  Rake in those already sold.  Get going.", "This isn't going to sound the way it is meant - and I want to be clear here that I believe that every gun should be removed from every home, period - but why are there no mass shootings of business leaders, corporate executives, and politicians? \n\nWhy don't the likes of Nikolas Cruz, Adam Lanza, and Stephen Paddocks of the world murder political lobbyists, business consultants, and the corporate elites?\n\nAs crazy and evil as random mass shootings are - and I am not advocating this - it is insane to kill innocent kids and ordinary folk, who never did anything to anyone, instead of multi-millionaire/billionaire business and political leaders largely responsible for putting society where it is today.\n\nFight the good fight, I say. Peacefully! But for the sick soul reading this in the NYT who has decided to go off the deep end and lose control for some personal pain - and who won't seek professional help - DO NOT hurt children, women, and ordinary people scraping to get by. Otherwise, lean into the strike zone and take one for the team.", "1300 people died from tobacco related deaths today and everyday. Where is the outrage? Anti gun folks think guns are bad. They don't see them as a tool. Anti gun folks in general are ignorant about guns. Guns put power and freedom into the hands of citizens. Big gov folks, socialists, urbanites don't like that. They want power to the government. The founders did not.. They were smart.\n\nThe good news is over half of Americans own guns. That is not going to change. People love guns like they love cars and love freedom. If you want to improve the safety of kids start thinking how to do it without gun control. A well trained armed adult at every school is a start. ", "Talking to parents of killed and injured (not too soon)\ntalking to kids that witnessed their friends being killed (not too soon)\ntalk to injured students (not too soon)\ndig up every single thing he's done in the past (not too soon)\n\ntalk about guns too soon", "Would everyone reading this write the NRA and demand that they stop their opposition to common sense and keep guns out of the hands of problem people.  We have to demand it.  The NRA is responsible for these deaths, no doubt about this.", "More reason to never visit florida. These people are crazy. I am listening to their governor right now and he can't seem to answer the simple question \"why is it easier to buy an AR 15 than a handgun?\" Nothing will happen. Stay away from these places. ", "Only America are kids murdered at school while politicians spin platitudes. If ordinary Americans are heartsick about kids being murdered at school they should not vote for any candidates who take money from the NRA. Your politicians have failed so it's up to voters to make real change. ", "Age 18: Can buy an AR-15, but can't buy a beer.", "Marco Rubio said that gun laws would not have prevented this shooting.  People of Florida, here is something you can do: vote him out of office.", "Any politician who takes money from the NRA is  abetting gun  murders, worse than any one who makes money from tobacco,  which only kills its users.. Why are other countries 10 times safer from guns? If any voter is against  murder, they  should not vote for any one who supports guns. More guns does not make any one safer as proven by all the recent murders.", "Rick Scott is always, always too late to the discussion. He missed the ball on critical state infrastructure, putting the state on precarious footing during hurricane season; he gutted education, putting our students at a grave disadvantage developmentally and professionally; and he has failed to protect us from gun-wielding maniacs.", "So, at 19, you can't legally buy a beer, but you can legally purchase a semi-automatic assault rifle?", "America's love affair with guns and violent film entertainment along with the disenfranchisement following its financial polarization must be large factors in the creation of the disability virus coursing through our mental landscape.\n\nIronically, no segment of our society is more involved in these circumstances than the NRA-indebted Republican party.", "The root problem is the gun culture; the collective infatuation with owning weapons that are made for one purpose - killing people. Everyone who owns these weapons is responsible for perpetuating the gun culture, and it's not ok for them to shrug and say \"I'm not a bad guy\". If you are part of that culture then you are responsible. Period. Until there is a mass movement to acknowledge and take responsibility for being part of the problem, there will be no solution.", "Gun control is more than necessary, however with millions of guns, rifle, etc spread all over USA, it would be quite easy to obtain one in the black market! So, gun control will help in the long run but unfortunately will not really prevent mass murder if a mentally ill decides to put his evil plan in action.", "We are sacrificing (at the very least) the mental wellbeing of an entire generation of schoolchildren for the love of and easy access to guns. Absolutely disgraceful and heartbreaking that our once great nation cannot find the political will needed to push back the gun lobby. ", "It is so sad how someone has the heart to kill 17 people, This is truly one of the most devastating things I have heard all year. This is something I call pure evil.", "There is a endlessly repeated claim that the answer to mass shootings/gun violence is to prevent those with mental illness from possessing guns.  This claim is inappropriate because the \"mental illness\" responsible for violence is, to varying degrees, intrinsic to the human condition, especially males.  Few killers suffer from mental illness as it is conventionally recognized: i.e., those who display incontrovertibly paranoid ideation, hear voices, or suffer from grossly disorganized thought processes.  Instead, the \"mental illness\" that results in premeditated violence is manifested in rage, excessive sensitivity to perceived insults, perverted beliefs about right and wrong (often grounded in one's religious affiliation), and, in mass killings, a desire for notoriety.  These mental states may be enduring, but are often present for time-limited periods, brought about by disruptive life events.\n\nThe claim that the answer to mass shootings is to deprive those with mental illnesses access to guns represents either a misguided belief (of the ignorant), or, more commonly, a cynical ploy (of the manipulative), because those among us capable of premeditated murder, including mass shooting, defy classification as \"mentally ill.\"  It is for this reason that the solution to the mass murder problem is much more restricted access to guns applied to all.", "A nation that refuses to safeguard the lives of its children in their schools and classrooms does not deserve to exist! For more than seven decades, from FDR to Trump I have felt that the U.S. is one of the world's best countries, but when the safety of its school children is used as the metric, I am forced to admit the  country I have loved and admired for so long has become one of the very worst nations in the world. Something must be done to control guns and to outlaw and collect the dreaded child-killer, the AK 15. ", "I'm not taking the side of the gunman, but clearly, his \"issues,\" started way before the shooting day. His being expelled from school, and then his personal breakup may have put him over the edge. \n\nAnger and impulse control. And, of course, access to military grade, bullet spraying rifles.  \n\nIf Trump want's to blame mental illness, where was the intervention this guy desperately needed? Now, his life, and seventeen plus others is over, not to mention the parents of these children. \n\nThe classic excuse put forth by the Republicans is first, do nothing, for several weeks until, (the emotionality dies down), and then blame, mental illness.\n\n Unfortunately, as humans, a lot of people are mentally ill and still muddle through life. Everyone is eventually confronted with being treated unfairly or go through a breakup. For some people the anger is so overwhelming they don't care about the consequences, because they are, mentally ill.\n\nSince Trump swore an oath to protect Americans, and it was, \"mental illness,\" not gun access that caused the incident, shouldn't he be expanding mental health facility access? You know, to protect us? ", "The NRA should immediately be designated as a terrorist organization and all of its funds frozen, including funds given to Republican members of the House and Senate.\nSanctions should be leveled that cripple their support of terrorists around the country. If the federal government won't do it - states should impose sanctions. Try to exist without us Blue Staters and our economic  engines that allow you to feed off our taxes without any worthwhile contribution to our country other than fostering violence and pain. ", "Since Trump believes gun violence is primarily a mental health problem, he must also believe that Americans are the most mentally ill of all nationalities, since we have, by far, more mass shootings than any civilized country on earth.\n\nHis plan to help with our country's mental health problems?  Cut social services, mental health services, Medicaid, and school funding.\n\nActually, I'm most worried about the mental illness of our leadership.", "That paragon of moral courage in the White House said that he was going to put a stop to American carnage. His empty words today simply reinforced his commitment to making sure it continues.  ", "There is no reason for AR15's or ANY assault style rifle to be sold in the US. The second amendment was written in a time before these weapons of mass destruction and murder existed.\nIt is time for elected officials to stop dancing to the tune of the NRA and BAN these weapons.", "Mr. President, if you are so bought and owned by the gun lobby, step down and let someone with courage and the will to stop this carnage once and for all.  It is no longer acceptable to offer prayers and sympathy, but to do something about it and do it now.  The gun lobby doesn't own America, we do.  Stand up for America or get out.", "This madness will NEVER end until our Representatives and Senators stand up to the NRA and stop taking their money.  The NRA has held Congress hostage for 40 years.  The NRA does not represent gun owners, it represents gun manufacturers.  As Al Capone is alleged to have said, \"You can get much farther with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word alone\"", "Bottom line:  The voting majority chose to elect politicians who favor letting people with known records of anger-related behavioral problems buy guns.\n\nStudents should ask their parents if they're part of that voting majority.", "I live more or less under the west-bound flight path into O'Hare Airport, depending on wind direction.  Since the Second Amendment says that \"...the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed,\" shouldn't I be allowed to purchase a Stinger anti-aircraft missile?  As it happens, many of my neighbors in this part of Chicago are Muslim, largely from South Asia and East Africa.  Should they be allowed to buy the missiles as well?\nIf Second Amendment Absolutists have an issue with a recently naturalized Somali or Pakistani living under a well-traveled flight path having access to anti-aircraft weapons, are they not acknowledging that there are some common-sense limits to that \"shall not be infringed\" business in the right to bear arms?  And if this is the case, then might not military assault rifles also be regulated? ", "When people fetishize guns to the extent we do, when citizens feel they need guns to protect themselves from \u201cevildoers\u201d, and to stand their ground, it isn\u2019t a big leap for an alienated, disturbed person to use a gun to solve the problems and assuage the injuries of his own life; bullying, rejection, loss, emotional isolation. Go get the \u201cenemy\u201d with your gun. We need gun control legislation, a social safety net that promotes mental and physical health, and a new mind-set. Guns cannot be our default solution to injury and fear; we need to retool so we can envision solutions to problems that sideline guns. We need freedom from fear and desperation that doesn\u2019t involve packing heat. ", "Gun owners should be required to show proof of insurance - and the premiums should be high.  Guns and ammunition should be be highly taxed, and the funds placed in a national victim's fund and/or used to assist  with mental health and other services.  We have gone after the manufacturers of tobacco and other harmful substances.  We to after car manufacturer's who sell unsafe vehicles.  We require citizens to have car insurance.  Why are fire arms exempt from any reasonable regulations to try and stem the carnage?  Politicians have blood on their hands every time one of these events occur.  ", "One person's \"common sense\" realistic gun regulations are another's\n\"ban all firearms\" rallying cry. We see the whole spectrum in the comments section. \"Common sense\" regulation is not a holistic movement...the ideas are all over the place. \n\nIf these regulatory proposals weren't all lumped together in a slippery-slope package under the label \"common sense,\" then maybe gun owners would be more receptive in getting regulations enacted. I'd join in the cries for regulation (I have no use for \"tactical\" rifles and I'm fine if they disappear) IF I was certain that we would draw the line there. But group polarization ensures that the most extreme voices become the next threshold. ", "I don't know why the dialogue on gun control mostly doesn't include licensing and age requirements for gun ownership in the first place? Just like we have driver's licensing and age limits for alcohol, nobody without a gun license and under the age of 21 should be allowed to own or purchase a gun, especially an AR15! If we could even get some consensus on that point, it'd be a great start.", "Every United States citizen should be provided with the same degree of protection as are Donald Trump and members of Congress. If this solution proves difficult to implement (we may run out of people to do the protecting), the next best solution for the sake of fairness is for no one to have more protection than anyone else. After taking away the gun privileges of the mentally ill, Donald Trump and members of Congress should freely circulate among the people, trusting that people's thoughts and prayers will offer full protection against attacks by AR-15-toting sane individuals.   ", "The entire country has changed to please NRA , and gun deaths keeps on increasing , is there a relationship here the GOPs does not and do not want to see ? Allow me to use the word trump\nNRA trumps lives\nGOP trump lives\nGun right trump lives\nGun right trump all other rights\nHow does one make sure there is no nuclear war ? Make more nuclear bombs and sell them ? That is NRA, that is GOP's mantra.\nChurches are not safe\nMovies theaters are not safe\nMalls are not safe\nSchools are not safe\nConcert sites are not safe\nAnd the NRA and GOPs answers to all above are,\n\" not the time to talk about it \"\n\" Gun control \" does not work \" - Like non- nuclear proliferation does not work ?\n\" Just enforce the laws \"\nAll the above talking points continues while more mass killings happened.\nWithout a safe education environment , we will fall behind the rest of the world ,certainly China.\nTrump's immigration policy have already brain drained this country, a lot of brilliant people have already chosen China, China is welcoming them because it is the single most important step to get ahead of US.\nIf all those NRA serving politicians believe no gun control, why are the not hand guns and  AR-15 allowed in capital hill ? They never have to experience the tragic death of a love one", "Every single shooting the same talking points are replayed back and forth over and over. How has this worked out for us so far? Increasingly, it is now fashionable (regardless of how inaccurate) to hold up the NRA as some kind of all-powerful boogieman, with some kind of magical deep state power. \n\nPerhaps, to some left-wing ideologues, this is easier to stomach than the hard truth; The NRAs only power comes from it's popular support. It's funds come from it's members. Often in small amounts, just like Bernie. The government contributions are a drop in the bucket compared to many of the lobbies in the country, and these are often wildly exaggerated to stoke self-righteous indignation. \n\nThe propagation of this stems from the \"mythical\" media bubble that makes it seem as if everyone in the country agrees with scrapping the second amendment (and they'd totally get away with it too, if it wasn't for that darned NRA!) \n\nYet, as you types should have learned in the election, just because your \"ideological voice\" is the loudest,  does not mean you dominate in the numbers you think you do. \n\nSo, unless anyone here still believes they can insult, belittle and lecture their way into political wins, perhaps the tone should be a bit more moderate, to reflect the realities of the voters beliefs. ", "As a 19yr old, at least the Legislature ensured he couldn't inflict Mass Casualties inebriated as Gun Owner, by being able to purchase alcohol legally.  ", "\"\u201cWe are here for you \u2014 whatever you need, whatever we can do, to ease your pain,\u201d Mr. Trump said in an address to the nation.\"\n\nExcept, of course, to support meaningful legislation that might really help; legislation supported by over 90% of the American public, and even by many gun owners.  Except allowing the Centers for Disease Control to study gun deaths.  Except, in other words, to do anything.\n\nThanks for your thoughts, Mr President.  As usual, they are meaningless.", "Here's how this will play out:\n\nThere will be outage from the left, the right will argue that gun violence is a regrettable byproduct of American \"freedom\", a scant few politicians will press for action on gun control, the NRA will say now is not the time to discuss gun laws, the President and GOP will focus on metal health rather than gun control... and nothing will be done to curb the violence... which will be repeated with another school shooting next week, and the week after that ad infinitum.\n\nWhen is enough enough, America?", "I get it, our Legislators will never have the \"collective will\" to make high velocity output guns illegal.  Then how about we legislate for any gun purchased that has any potential to become a semi-automatic or automatic weapon be legally required to be logged into a national database--including private sales--by the seller.  Also any ammunition that could possibly be used for any semi-automatic or automatic weapon also legally be required for registration.\nThis will keep the sellers accountable and we can then flag those who are accumulating weapons and ammunition beyond \"reasonable\" use and investigate from there.\nAt least it's a step in the right direction and it takes away the argument about the freedom to access guns.  \n\nEvery other transaction in this country is being captured (by every retailer) and no-one seems to mind at all.  Why not require something as important as this?\n\nWe need some organized monitoring around not just mental health but atypical weapon/ammo purchases.     ", "To a large extent, this problem can be placed at the doorstep of the regulation advocates. They pop out of the woodwork when these shootings happen to call for bans on large capacity magazines, assault weapons, bump-stock devices, etc., then quickly fade back into the woodwork over the coming days. Meanwhile, gun rights advocates are working tirelessly every day to advance their agenda, fighting regulations, pushing for national concealed carry permits, writing books that present one-sided cases against the effectiveness of gun control. They are in the minority, but they completely control the narrative on this topic. There is a solution to this nonsense-go ask Japan; go ask Great Britain; go ask Australia. But until we can match the determination of the gun rights advocates, we can look forward to this spectacle again and again-not to mention the other ~30,000 deaths that occur each year in the US that we won't hear anything at all about.", "As a retired teacher, I find Trump\u2019s simplistic perception a reflection of his class bias. He knows nothing of the nation\u2019s educational system-its demands and limitations.\nI feel we are failing to protect students and teachers. And until we elect men and women who will take on the gun lobby, our young and those who work with them are venerable.\nSuch a loss! So unbelievably sad and so unnecessary. ", "!) My heart , thoughts, and prayers go out to the families.\n2) Painting a broad brushstroke on those suffering from mental illness is morally wrong. Those suffering from depression or anxiety are 3-4 time more likely to be a victim than others\n3) The time has come to ban all guns including shotguns and hunting rifles and , most importantly, bullets.\n4) the only way to match the power of the NRA is vote for individuals that will change the system\n4)The time has come to stop trying to find blame with this group or that one and work together to find solutions.", "How can the people of Florida elect lawmakers who have so little regard for public safety that an individual whose erratic behavior had been reported to the FBI and law enforcement could LEGALLY buy a lethal weapon and ammunition?  What is wrong with these people?", "And when is this country going to start dealing with the out of control gun problem.\n\nIt wasn't that long ago that weapons like this assault rifle were banned on a federal level. Now these guns have flooded the country and have been used at every mass shooting. \n\nThanks Republicans and your NRA money for the ongoing carnage.", "Is there a national organization that is a counterpoint to the NRA? If so, it needs to be publicized so that we can join and support a concerted effort to lobby all legislators at every level to oppose guns, especially assault rifles. Nobody needs an AR15, or a bump stock. They should be outlawed and confiscated from all current owners and then destroyed.\n\nTo those who argue the same old \"guns don't kill, people do\", please read Nicholas Kristoff's excellent analysis, with verifiable statistics and graphics, that prove the exact opposite. The US has the most guns and the most gun deaths. It has to stop, and making comments to the NYT won't help. We need concerted action through a national organization to counteract the evil that the NRA has inflicted on this country. The cowboy mentality must end.", "Mass shootings have become so common that there is nothing left to say about them that hasn't been said a thousand times before.\n\nBut nothing will change as long as the gun lobbyists own congress and Republicans could care less about the welfare of their own people.", "I\u2019m sorry to burst everyone\u2019s bubble but guns didn\u2019t cause this carnage. An evil human being is responsible.\nIf you want to truly stop it you need to give law enforcement the tools and public support to stop it.\nThis is a serious issue and blaming inanimate objects is not going to result in positive change. ", "Are there accessible statistics tracking the amount of money generated by the monthly/yearly purchases of AR-15 rifles state by state? Must be millions. Such greed over human lives.", "For at least the fifth time in my life, the lines over weapon control are being drawn, again, for the same reasons, because of the same type of situation. I have heard, and said, and pondered, and debated, all this before, sadly.  So let me simply say this instead: \n\nRegardless of the trials of the day, always put aside the weight of the world and hug the ones you love goodnight.  While you will never know when that hug will be the last, they will know your love is forever.\n\nRest in peace, dear children.  We march forward yet again to this seemingly endless debate, always with your memory at the forefront, bolstered by the knowledge that you were hugged and loved in this life.", "Is it a specific gender that would cause this?\n\nIt has not been identified & could yield clues as to why he, she, it did it.", "It says something about what we are as a nation when we refuse to address the main cause of such violent deaths which is the abundant supply and availability of guns, after every gun massacre. It just shows that we value guns more than people, even our young ones. The root cause for all these incidents is guns and the ease of procuring those types which can inflict mass casualty. The second amendment dates from an era when we were a poor country without a standing army worried about foreign intervention, citizen militias made sense. That is not the case now when we are the most powerful country on earth with the capability to destroy the planet several times over. The second amendment has become a foil for the arms and munitions industry and the gun lobby (NRA) to maximize their profits at the expense of citizen safety. No place whether it be schools, movie theaters etc are safe anymore because of guns and it is ironic that the gun lobby will use this sense of hopelessness to encourage people to buy more guns, of course after sending all their \"thoughts and prayers\" to the victims and their families of gun violence! ", "If we as a Nation wish to solve this continuing carnage across our nation our\nPoliticians need to address honestly the root cause of this critical problem.\n\nTrump, Rubio, Ryan, Grassley immediately identified the root cause of the problem as mental health. They turn their back on the fact every industrialized nation has people with mental health issues . Yet they do not have the gun carnage we have.\nWhy because guns particularly semi automaticsare are available to all in the USA but not in other countries I  cannot get my head around that a nineteen old American cannot touch alcohol but can get a murderous weapon\nTrump wants to make us great again but much of our nation lives in a state of fear on a perpetual basis, the fear of getting sick, getting shot in schools, church at concerts, the fear of hunger , the fear of being deported to a country unknown. Yet Trump only sees our borders as reason for insecurity\nAn article in today's NYT identified that children born in the USA have the highest risks factors compared to all other civilized countries.\nLet's make America honest again", "How many more children have to die needlessly before we can have a sensible gun control? My daughter is a freshman in a high school in California, today I sent an email to the principal asking if the school is safe and what they plan to do to prevent this from happening in our school. She replied: \"...we will be conducting an active shooter drill on our campus in conjunction with [the local police]...\" When I was in high school, the worst thing that could happen to us was a surprised chemistry test. I never imagine in my life time that we actually have to do an \"active shooter drill\" in our school, high school! For those politicians and others who insist on the right to bear arms as an excuse not to put a stringent gun control, I hope this is a wake up call; this can happen to your love ones too.", "A daughter texted her mother from a storage room, amidst rounds and rounds of rapid fire.  She said:  \n\n'If I don't make it. I love you and appreciate everything you did for me.'\n\nIn the wake of another mass shooting, do we believe, in our collective hearts, that victims, family members and survivors will be able to say -- of their country: \n\n'I appreciate everything you did for me.'", "I think people should be allowed to buy AR-15s and the like.  As a condition of that purchase, they must live in the District of Columbia and may not leave with their weapons.  Who says we don't need a border wall?", "Campaign finance reform would fix the problem of the gun lobby.\nJust look to the way Europe and Canada do their political campaigns. Much better than the US, and we could adopt their method if the people absolutely insisted on this to their Congressmen. It would take unity and perseverance, but it is within our grasp. Maybe if your kid was one of those killed, you would care.", "So unfortunately it's time to re-read last fall's article citing Adam Lankford a professor in Alabama. https://www.nytimes.com/2017/11/07/world/americas/mass-shootings-us-inte...\nThe conclusion reached in that article hasn't changed.\n\"The Difference Is Culture...\nAfter Britain had a mass shooting in 1987, the country instituted strict gun control laws. So did Australia after a 1996 shooting. But the United States has repeatedly faced the same calculus and determined that relatively unregulated gun ownership is worth the cost to society.\n\nThat choice, more than any statistic or regulation, is what most sets the United States apart...\n\"", "OK, NYT.  Lie number one, that I know of.\n\"Asked whether he understood the circumstances in which he found himself, Mr. Cruz whispered two words: \u201cYes, ma\u2019am.\u201d \"\n\nI saw the video of his court appearance.  He didn't whisper.  He spoke in a clear voice.", "Why cut off the cash cow, aka NRA and their massive contributions to GOP congress members and Donald John Trump? Gun control, bah! until we get rid of these parasites who people our government.", "There is no legitimate reason for a civilian to own an AR15. Next time your neighbor brags about his Bushmaster call him out for his complicity in the murder of school children.", "It\u2019s irrelevant to which hate group this person held allegiance. If it wasn\u2019t white supremacists it would have been another group who advocates hate. People like the shooter seek that dynamic out like starving people seek food, and they always will. I don\u2019t see that as the problem. The problem is the ease with which the shooter was able to legally own an assault rifle that soldiers use in battle. Such a weapon is not necessary on the streets of America and in the hands of potential homicidal lunatics.  I used to think that if somebody shot up  Congress and made them bleed for once instead of our school children, things would change, but, sadly, when it did happen, absolutely nothing changed. So, we\u2019ll weep for the dead, call for the execution of the shooter, blame his mother, the police, the water he drank everyday, rage for or against gun control at the top of our lungs and then forget about it in a couple of weeks. ", "Don't drink while you're pregnant, ladies.  Also, let's not let troubled depressed teenagers have assault rifles.  \n\nIf nothing's going to be done about gun laws, we need to start shunning and shaming people who own assault rifles, unfriending people who post pictures of guns, and making it public knowledge who in our neighborhoods keep guns in their homes.", "well now ,someone has identified the shooter in Florida as one of Trumps \u201cvery nice people\u201d,one who killed a woman in Charlottesville and this one who has\nKilled 17 young people in their school,yesterday\nThe right,ALT right,the people better known as fascists of my generation.Trump\nEmploys at least Two,they fly around on airforce one,the one you and I pay for.\nThe reason ?so gun makers can sell weapons.\nMoney in the pockets of gun manufacturers,sellers,money money money\nMoney money and money in the pockets of mostly old white men in congress\nNow your kids and my grandkids are at risk everyday because Trump and every\nHouse member,and Senator take money ,Millions,and millions,and millions ,\nAnd millions ,and millions of American money that goes to make the guns to kill our kids we don\u2019t even have the right to say they can\u2019t sell guns to mentally ill\nPeople.Do they care about the mentally ill .......No .They can\u2019t get care unless they have the money to pay for it!!Are the mentally ill also part of our government????", "Mental illness takes many forms and is a source of social stigma.  Not every person with mental illness is a killer. Lumping them together is unfair to say the least. Moreover, almost no one wants to admit to suffering from \"it\".  For quite a while, it was represented as the Shhhh disease...don't talk about it out loud, in much the same way that Cancer was regarded as the big C. With respect to the surge in school shootings, most  school personnel are not qualified to diagnose and refer, let alone mandate or provide treatment.  Anyone can say no. Philosophical and political views are not mental health issues. They are cultural variations in a society that has come to a level where my rights are more important and more valid than your rights, and so,  regrettably, this is  not just about disaffected youth.  This is about people with \"issues\" who cannot be corralled or kept locked up against their will.....until they purchase and use an automatic weapon that has no mandate for qualification of ownership, and kill.  Only then might they be sent away, or given the permanent state of punishment that they deserve.  I wish the second amendment protected these victims the way the founders intended it to do, but it didn't. Damn shame.", "The conservatives are blaming mental illness, but what is that?  In cases like this it looks to me like a mind poisoned with far-right bigotry, hatred and glorification of violence against anyone perceived as one of \"them\".", "There will always be people with various forms of mental illness, dangerous or not, diagnosed or not. There doesn't have to be easy access to guns. Civilized societies have figured that out.  ", "I just heard Paul Ryan say that we have protections in place so that mentally unstable people couldn't get guns.Our idiotic president took away those protections purely because they had Obama's name on them.No one in their right mind would say that mentally ill people should have guns..our president clearly has proven that he is insane and the entire GOP is in the pocket of the NRA.This is not your grandfather's GOP and anyone who blindly pulls the lever for republicans hasn't done their homework or is corrupt or stupid or all three.Paul Ryan just told a huge whopper on nat'l TV.and should be forced out ASAP.", "When a person with mental health problems can buy this kind of weaponry legally, what does anyone expect?  As a society, we put very little priority on mental health care.  Insurers regard mental healthcare as a big, sticky, expensive ball of wax, with no end in sight, unless the law forces them to cover treatment, and funding is provided as needed.  Many people with mental health problems are not able to pay for the care they need, because of their illness, after all.  Those of us who have family members with mental health issues know firsthand that the police are a virtual brick wall.  The law doesn\u2019t let them do much before a crime is committed.  Florida has pretty lax gun laws too, from what I understand.  It was a perfect storm, in this case.  But the bottom line is, you can\u2019t shoot people if you don\u2019t have a gun, much less a collection of them.  I think the onus should be on the legislators in Florida who passed the laws that made this possible.  The governor of Florida called this act \u201cpure evil,\u201d but that doesn\u2019t accomplish much, does it?  The Governors and legislators, and the NRA should be part of the solution.  They must be made to come forward with workable solutions, but that will never happen without single-minded, implacable determination, large financial contributions, and lots of activism.", "The solution to this shameful problem that has led to the murder of many people in our country is to finally accept the fact that we as individuals should not have the right to own these weapons of mass destruction, for that is the level of gun ownership in our country. The 2nd Amendment is completely taken out of context and used and abused by those who want to in essence profit from the death of innocent people. \n\nPeople around the world look at us in disgust and I agree with them. Speak out, speak up, fellow Americans, to demand lawmakers make it illegal for all of us to own guns as we have no right to have the power of death in our households and hands.", "NYT is a great paper and leaves no stones unturned. With each new mass shooting, we get fancy graphics, unearthed smartphone videos, detailed descriptions of the anguish of families who lost their loved ones for no reason and thousands and thousands of comments. Just like the politicians and law enforcement leadership who appear on TV for a couple of days after each incident with long faces and obvious impotency in dealing with this, this great paper is also looking robotic.\n\nQuestion is how much focus this shooting would get from NYT a week from today when our great president pops a newsworthy balloon of some kind or his counterpart in NK does something smart? Will NYT carry the torch on this issue then? And, if not, then we all will, just like this time, again come together virtually for the next episode, and then the next one after that and so on. ", "There will be no action whatsoever until most of the current Members of Congress are voted out.  Plain and simple.  We are spinning around and around with the same old garbage rhetoric from the NRA, the same old excuses about why Americans are not entitled to health care, that options like Medicaid for example, should be cut.  So how are mentally ill people supposed to receive treatment?  They need health insurance with real treatment options, but no one wants to pay for it.   Congress can't have it both ways.  Either get all of the guns off the streets so the mentally ill can go untreated, or treat all of the mentally ill so they don't have access to the guns.  (Or my pick... treat the mentally ill and get some real gun reform too.)  But no--- we keep hearing about how either situation just can't be helped, but instead we are all supposed to \"pray about it because now is not the right time to make changes.\"\n\nBy the way,  you can see if your Members of Congress accept \"donations\" from the NRA.  You can check at the Center for Responsive Politics which does comprehensive research into which companies, groups, organizations, etc. fund the campaigns of the people elected to represent US.  You might be surprised by what you find.  \n\nhttps://www.opensecrets.org/", "Our President couldn't even say the word \"gun\" in addressing our nation about this tragedy.  He babbles on about a wall making Americans safer, but refuses to say that better gun control laws would.  He is the terrorist we should be worried about the most.  Regardless, any elected official who has received \"blood\" money from the NRA should keep their mouths shut about this tragedy, and better yet, voted out of office the next time they are up for re-election.", "This kid lost his adoptive mom, had to adjust to a new set of caregivers, and exhibited problems in school that led to expulsion. That sort of response to loss of a parent is not atypical. He was known among his peers as owning a gun or guns and as a ticking time bomb, and his social media accounts showed disturbing posts, which is atypical. I am strongly in favor of radical gun control, but why did this kid not receive sustained supportive help? \n\nWhen you push an obviously serious problem onto others to deal with, and in this case there appeared to be few others who could help, then you increase the odds that a kid will fail badly in some way. Our schools should be places that are best able to help troubled kids by engaging them and treating or facilitating treatment of their problems while keeping them close so they don't feel alienated. Troubled kids get more support that way and can be engaged in different ways by many people on staff, in class, in clubs and groups, and in sports. \n\nThe trend over the last several decades is to put cops in the buildings and escalate many infraction and behavioral responses that used to be dealt with in more normal adult-to-kid supportive ways. You don't solve problems by pushing them away. This kid obviously felt pushed out by the adults who were in the best position to help him and felt as if he had no one.", "\"...Trump Focuses on Mental Health Over Guns\"...This headline is Onion material...gold Jerry gold...How can anyone place the name Trump and the words \"mental health\" in the same sentence without convulsing with repressed laughter.\n\nNote photo which accompanies this article --- Are these two girls checking the \"reality\" on an iPhone?  I'm sorry...I'm over seventy years old and I just don't get it.", "How long will we allow the Russians to keep funding the NRA on a massive scale so the NRA can buy politicians wholesale at state and federal levels? Forget election tampering - Putin owns our politicians through his NRA proxy and is underwriting the funding of mass murder and social chaos in America. ", "Nutcase with no prior history walked into a store and bought a military weapon with ease, JUST like our founding fathers intended!   Until we vote out the politicians owned by the NRA, nothing will change.   We, as a country, have decided that gun industry profits trump our own safety and security.", "I do not want to hear the words \"mental illness\" or \"prayers\" or \"bullying\" or any other useless anodyne until the assault weapons ban is back in place.  Who were these friends who allowed this child to bring an assault weapon into their house?  How is it his mother allowed this troubled boy to have an arsenal of guns?  What is wrong with people???  Just because our craven Congress is in thrall to the gun lobby, just because Florida has totally irresponsible gun laws, how is it that individuals responsible for children appear to have no idea whatsoever that guns are deadly and that automatic rifles are super deadly?  I am beyond disgusted and not only with Congress.", "17 counts of premeditated murder, not TERRORISM?! This was a clear act of terrorism influenced by a white supremacist group (read: terrorist organization) in Tallahassee, the Republic of Florida group. It's time to treat these mass shootings as exactly what they are: terrorism. And it's time to rout out the white supremacist terrorist groups in the United States. America First, right, Mr. Trump?", "I'm certain it is worth the perks of office to wrap oneself in the Second Amendment, kowtow to the NRA while it stuffs your pockets, and beg it not support your opponent. Sleep well, Congress. ", "All that money for the military, all that money for a wall... sure, we need protection from outside forces. But considering our toxic politics and mass shootings, we need protection from ourselves even more.", "Our national flag should depict a mass shooting with an AR15.  It obviously reflects the principles of this country.  We vilify those with best intentions who struggle for work but applaud the industry of firearm manufacturers like Colt and Smith & Wesson.", "As I've before so many times, these guys are stand-up NRA \"law abiding citizens\" that the NRA and its followers say should be armed to the teeth. Until they pull the trigger and kill people. Then they are disavowed as having mental health problems. But remember even when Trump is bleating on about mental health he signed a bill into law a year ago removing regulations that made it harder for people with mental illnesses to purchase a gun.", "Lincoln talked about the shame of men who were \"wringing their bread from the sweat of other men's faces.\" How to understand, then, our tolerance of the gun lobbyists and weapons manufacturers (not to mention the politicians they purchase) who profit off of the blood of children.  These people literally make their take-home money off of the murder of innocents. Gun sales always go up after the fear mongering that attends shootings, giving money to manufacturers.  Gun control efforts also increase, which are countered by increased expenditure upon gun lobbyists. Pusillanimous politicians fund raise their bribe money based off the 'threat to guns and the [second clause] of the second amendment.'  How many murders make up each one of these peoples' mortgages?  their car payments?\n\nPerhaps it would be useful to have a NYT series that features  photos of the gun lobbyists and NRA types, as well as their 'thinking and praying' and profiting politicians, side-by-side next to photos of gun victims.  These parasites are likely immune to shame, but public acknowledgment of the source of their money would be of use to our bleeding society. ", "Of course he joined a white anger group.  He is bombarded with people telling him he is the worst kind of human trash because he is a straight white male who wants sex and success.  \n\nOn guns, nobody under 21 years old should be able to buy or own any gun.  Under 21 use with direct supervision only.  For semiauto rifles and handguns, a mandatory 6 month wait and reasonable purchase limits.  And then the most important part,... 10 year federal time for any crime of violence with a gun.  No exceptions.  No leftie judges slapping the wrists of the gun criminals.", "The foreign media provide more details on the shooter\u2019s association with a white supremacist group and on the fact that among his victims are several Jews. He may be a real ideologically-motivated terrorist, after all. This matters. What it amounts to is the fact that NRA provides means of committing political violence to terrorists, whether of Islamist or neo-Nazi variety.", "I would like one solid, reasonable, fact-based argument as to why a person needs to own an assault rifle other than sadistic, violent, unbridled aggression.\n\nI'm waiting. ", "This morning I dropped my kids off at the school bus stop, and for the first time, had a momentary panic attack as the thought crossed my mind that it is not entirely unreasonable they might not come back alive. I have spent some time today researching which group I can join that would most effective at reducing such incidents.  And yes, that includes groups advocating for gun control.\n\nI live in the West.  Hunting and shooting are a part of the culture here.  Guns are worn openly in public.  But I am done.  I am no longer willing to support unlimited rights to own such destructive weapons.\n\nYes, part of this tragedy is a mental health issue.  Certainly that is one variable.  However, until there is an astronomical improvement in the diagnosis and treatment of individuals who would carry out such an attack, I see no reason to allow unfettered access to machines, the only purpose for which is the rapid killing of human beings. \n\nYou want to hunt; target shoot for sport; keep a gun for protection? Fine, I really don't care.  But even my hunting friends agree, if you cannot hit your target with a few bullets, you have no business owning a gun.  It is time to address some issues.", "Until the voting population of this nation votes out of office any politician that refuses to look at meaningful gun control - particularly regulating who can obtain military grade weapons-this will continue to happen.  You can focus all you want on mental health, but the reality if this nation is awash in guns.  We have a violet culture and we relish violence in movies, gaming and other \"mainstream\" cultural media.  We have only ourselves to blame.  No where is safe - churches, schools, movie theaters, shopping malls, concert venues, night clubs -and you can't have a metal detector and armed guards every where.   Due to the large numbers in the nation, one thing we should consider is requiring insurance for ownership.  We should tax weapons and ammunition.  We need to elevate the cost of gun ownership significantly.  Yes, legal owners will howl that this doesn't keep criminals from getting guns.  However, I don't recall \"criminals\" being responsible for any of the recent mass shootings.   We have a domestic terrorism problem, and the root is the use of military grade weapons that are used to terrorize the citizens of this nation.  ", "So this guy trained with a white supremacist militia?  Why have the other members of this terrorist organization not had their door broken down and been dragged off at gunpoint?  ", "sub literate, white, right wingers are the greatest threat to our country. not middle eastern terrorists.", "Someone has to explain that to me like to a five year old.\nThe kid couldn't have gotten a light beer and pack of cigarettes, but can just walk into a shop and buy an assault rifle.\nThe kid would have been arrested with a few grams of weed in his pocket, but running around with an assault rifle is ok.\nAmerica, you sure have your priorities straight ...", "So Mr. Cruz belonged to a hate group with mentally health issues. But our president deflects the hate issue by only calling the gunman mentally disturbed. Of course the only solution is to \u201ctackle the difficult issue of mental health\u201d and just accept the horror of American terrorists; members of hate groups.  Our president has emboldened them when stating their members are very nice people.\n\n\u201cWe are here for you\u201d, says the man bought and paid for by the NRA. There has to be a sensible process and solution to protect the rights of all gun owners and to keep guns away from very dangerous individuals. The existing laws have failed America yet once again.", "Traitor Trump, white supremacists, and the NRA. The pieces all fit.", "why don't the hollywood hypocrites stop putting out ultra-violent films that poison our youth, desensitzing them to violence. guns are not the only issue here.   ", "Madness is doing the same stupid thing over and over and expecting a different outcome. \n\nWelcome to Trump/NRA World. ", "Here is one more report, among thousands and thousands [nonstop], of a mass killer having purchased his weapon of mass destruction \"legally\". The gross irony, given the mass killers' use of their weapons \"illegally\", is staggering.\n\nOnce again, mentally challenged Trump zeroes in on curbing mental illness -- rather than enacting tougher, indeed uncompromising, new gun-purchase laws -- as our society's principle call in reducing gun violence. And once again, with this cockeyed thinking Trump falls into the rabbit hole.\n\nSure, mental illness often plays a factor in these mass murders. However, it is a motivation, not the Cause. Mental illness does not kill; guns do.\n\nOf course, sadly, this analysis makes but a tiny drop in \"what to do?\" about America's Gun Problem. The greater problem of our gun culture -- far more demonic than in any other civilized nation -- is the problem with our culture at large: the angry, partisan, have-and-have-not culture that is so dividing us, it is making strangers of ourselves and enemies among us.\n\nSo much is broken and in dire need of fixing in this woeful nation. The demented gun market makes up just a tiny part of our woes.", "trump rules! guns rule! white guys murdering at will with ar-15s rule! the gop rules! learn it! that's the way it is. nothing will change.", "For there to be any change, the students, teachers and their families and friends that have endured these horrific shootings must join together and make sure that on Election Day, Americans nationwide vote sensibly. How much longer can we allow this to be ignored? How many more victims will we bury? \n\nShame on those in Washington who think it's OK that Trump signed a law revoking Obama's regulatory initiative that made it more difficult for mentally disturbed to purchase guns. This was on February 28, 2017. Supporting this bill was/is/remains a sign of mental illness.\n\nHaven't we had enough?", "I am going to address the comment made by Paul Ryan, then shut up.\n \u201c.... shouldn\u2019t just knee-jerk before we even have all the facts and the data.\u201d\n\nSince Sandy Hook, Congress has been locked in a knee-jerk reaction of doing nothing.    Try something else.   ", "Gov. Scott is lame and the entire state of FL is complicit with the murder of 17 children and adults! They have no regulated gun laws at all.", "Hey Trump, stop binging Fox News, Tweeting, and playing with your hair, and read something for once:\n\nhttps://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/11/07/world/americas/mass-shootings-us-i...\n\nToo many words / facts ?  Let me quote it for you:\n\n\"If mental health made the difference, then data would show that Americans have more mental health problems than do people in other countries with fewer mass shootings. But the mental health care spending rate in the United States... and the rate of severe mental disorders are all in line with those of other wealthy countries.\"\n\n\"In 2013, American gun-related deaths included 21,175 suicides, 11,208 homicides and 505 deaths caused by an accidental discharge. That same year in Japan, a country with one-third America\u2019s population, guns were involved in only 13 deaths. This means an American is about 300 times more likely to die by gun homicide or accident than a Japanese person. America\u2019s gun ownership rate is 150 times as high as Japan\u2019s.\"\n\nCould it be the GUNS? \n\nAnd no, we don't have more crime than other western countries...\n\n\"...the United States is not actually more prone to crime than other developed countries... American crime is simply more lethal. A New Yorker is just as likely to be robbed as a Londoner... but the New Yorker is 54 times more likely to be killed in the process.\"\n\n* Now please pass this around to the adults in the room. *\n\nhttps://www.vox.com/2015/8/27/9217163/america-guns-europe", "Vote them out!  Those who take blood money from the NRA.  Those who care more about their seat than people's lives.  The ten worst in order of bribe amount:\nSenators McCain R-AR      Rubio     R-FL\n                Burr     R-NC      Ernst      R-IA\n                Blunt    R-MO     Portman R-OH\n                Tillis      R-NC     Young     R-IN\n                Gardner R-CO     Cassidy   R-LA\nRemember Rubio crying and rending his clothing in favor of a higher tax credit for children?  He has four.  Wouldn't he and the parents of those killed and wounded, rather not have crazies running around with AK-15's?", "I thought we should be worried because the shooter might have been illegal immigrant but if he was a member of white supremicist group, everything's fine as people killed by the former matter, those killed by the latter don't.\nSo says the president of the U.S.A.\nEven Orwell couldn't have dreamed of this.", "The \u201cBrady Bill\u201d was only about handguns.  Wikipedia indicates the NRA got it watered down.  I try to be respectful of all people no matter their race, religion, sexual orientation, or other differences from me.  Yet, I lose that respect when I see racism, religious intolerance, sexual discrimination of any kind, or political agendas that show selfishness or an absence of compassion.  My heart aches for the victims of the Parkland high school shootings and their families and friends.  Yet, as the son of a long-deceased mentally ill mother, I hold back hate for the shooter.  I had little patience with my mother, an enormously troubled and sweet person, whose mental problems became most severe in my high school years over 55 years ago.   To my knowledge, she was not a troubled teenager herself and harmed no one, but she had losses early in life that took a later toll on her daily living and happiness.  The Parkland shooter lost his father and mother.  His toll at age 19 has now extended tragically to others.  His personal toll I do not know.  But its extension to others appears to lie at the feet of NRA leadership and the similarly selfish and uncompassionate politicians who enabled and profited from a proliferation of weapons far beyond those of handguns.  Aligning our gun laws with those of other wealthy and healthier and safer nations requires mental acuity.  Political gain from such selflessness and compassion is possible.  The gains in lives and well-being are certain.    ", "#344   Oh my God Oh my God it's horrible it's happened again a deranged shooter killing students at random walking down the halls shooting history of mental illness a troubled personality was able to buy the gun legally was bullied as a child our thoughts and prayers go out to the families of the victims President Trump tweeted his condolences and full support for the survivors and bereaved families thoughts and prayers are with you always and we will never forget the victims of this senseless slaughter oh my god\n\n#345   Oh my God Oh my God it's horrible it's happened again a deranged shooter killing students at random walking down the halls shooting history of mental illness a troubled personality was able to buy the gun legally was bullied as a child our thoughts and prayers go out to the families of the victims President Trump tweeted his condolences and full support for the survivors and bereaved families thoughts and prayers are with you always and we will never forget the victims of this senseless slaughter oh my god\n\n#346  Oh my God Oh my God it's horrible it's happened again a deranged shooter killing students at random walking down the halls shooting history of mental illness a troubled personality was able to buy the gun legally was bullied as a child our thoughts and prayers go out to the families of the victims President Trump tweeted his condolences and full support for the survivors and bereaved families thoughts and prayers are with you always and we will never", "Can't buy himself a beer, but can have all the AR-15s he can afford.", "Ban guns.  The second amendment has no relevance today.", "The NRA says the answer would be to have more guns in schools. Maybe it's time to consider that the militant gun fetishism they encourage should be classified as it's own form of mental illness. ", "Stop calling these people mentally ill. Evil, yes. Mentally ill, no! They only claim mental illness so they can avoid the death penalty. The same penalty they had no problem dishing out while gunning down schoolmates, black people at bible study, a concert goers in Las Vegas. Many of these people meticulously planned these killings. Mental illness shouldn't be slandered in this way. This is just a new angle the NRA has employed once blaming video games on Newtown didn't pan out. ", "Donald Trump has stated that the shooter is \"mentally disturbed\". This is true. It is also true that in February 2017 one of Trump's first executive orders was to revoke Obama-era gun checks for people with a history of mental illness.\nThe shooter not only had a history of mental illness when he bought an assault rifle/weapon of war, but his mental illness was well known by his peers, teachers, some YouTube users and even the FBI, if they had chosen to actually investigate the account in the shooter's name with which he made violent, specific threats that he indeed carried out. \n\nMarco Rubio today stated that it was \"too soon\" to talk about the issue of gun violence.  Given that this year there has been a school shooting on average once every 60 HOURS, there will never be enough time between shootings to even discuss this as far as the GOP is concerned, which is ridiculous. When you're in the midst of an epidemic, you don't wait for the ill to recover before addressing the root cause; you act immediately. When you're in a war, you don't wait for the other side to stop shooting to develop a response to stop them from shooting; you ACT!  This \"it's too soon\" excuse from the GOP/NRA has to stop. The rights of all Americans to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness trumps (pardon the pun) the rights of any civilian to own an assault weapon of mass destruction.", "Republicans SPEAK about the mental illness aspect associated with mass killings but DO everything in their power to destroy health care.  The ACA required providers to cover mental illness but with one wave of Trump's magic FY wand - POOF! - Trump-care was born and health-care is dying. But you can get that - \u201creally, really good\u201d - health care plan cheaply across state lines  but it doesn't cover those pesky preconditions or medications. Let's not worry though, Trump will have something to say, as soon as his speechwriters tell him what to say and where to say it -  Mar-a-Lago, Pensacola, Fl,  Guntersville, Al. and all the other \"safe\" zones.  ", "Remember when President Donald Trump quietly signed a bill into law rolling back an Obama-era regulation that made it harder for people with mental illnesses to purchase a gun?\n\nMake no mistake... if you vote for nonsense you're going to get nonsense polices that no amount of prayer will prevent.\n\nCase in point:  http://tylertannahill.com/giveaway.php", "When will enough be enough?  What does it take to break the stronghold that the NRA has on the Republicans?  Whose child needs to die, how young do they need to be for the Repubs to realize that it IS TIME to talk about gun control? Actually, it is past time to talk, TIME TO DO SOMETHING about gun control.", "To Congress, The NRA, President Trump and all supporters of the right to own a weapon of war, God said it best \u201cThou shalt not kill.\u201d", "I HAVE GONE NUMB TO THIS SENSELESS VIOLENCE!  Nothing will change.  I thought Sandy Hook would bring at least attempts at real gun control but instead, it resulted in more gun sales.  Just look at that gun.  Clearly not a collectors item.  It was manufactured to kill, kill as many as fast as you can before you then kill yourself like the chicken you are.  Don't need to aim, just spray bullets.  No one has a chance.", "There are depressed, isolated teenagers in every culture. Only in the US do they have ready access to military grade firearms.\n\nMake America Sane Again.", "Again, Republican lawmakers bring out their standard issue talking points: too soon to talk about it, we need to address mental illness not guns and sending thoughts and prayers. Why does a 19-year-old need an assault weapon? The NRA makes it about culture - the elitists want to tell you how to live. They repeated second amendment over and over to protect gun profits. They gave millions to legislators. It's greed not freedom.\n\nThese legislators need to look at their own children and think about life without them. How can Florida ever again elect Marco Rubio who said let's get all the facts before we discuss gun control. The facts? The fact is that 17 parents are about to enter hell because their kids were murdered. We have banned assault weapons, it's doable except the NRA bought your soul and you'd rather keep your job than protect children.\n\nAlmost weekly children are murdered in schoolrooms by rapid firing weapons. That's not even addressing neighborhoods with gun violence, far more regular. How can that possibly be acceptable to anyone? We pour millions into protecting us from foreign terrorists and then let ourselves be terrorized by the NRA.", "There will never be an end to the killing until the second amendment  is repealed.  That means there will never be an end to it.  You reap what you sow.  Get used to the new normal.", "How did he get a semi automatic if he was being seen for mental health issues? If he started afterwards, then the cops should have removed the firearms until cleared by a physician. Most states require folks to be 21 before allowed to buy a semi automatic anything. Plenty of warning signs before this happened. Don't blame guns, blame the system and the state of Florida for there laws and not doing there job to stop this! Guns don't kill anything, its the nut behind it. Are we going to ban cars for when drunk drivers kill folks? How about we ENFORCE the current laws and do your job at investigating someone who is questionable. Doesn't help the MORON news hypes this up to make him look like a hero. How about just reporting the facts instead of insinuating could have should have etc..  ", "Sunrise Tactical Supply in Florida. Remember that name.", "Clearly Congress will continue to cave in to the NRA and to the \u2018gun loving and gun toting\u2019 extreme arm of the GOP. Congress will do nothing in the face of yet another gun slaughter and the intransigence of the GOP.\nIn the end, it will be up to women to speak truth to power and say \u201cEnough madness! Make it Stop! End gun violence NOW!\nWomen\u2014mothers, sisters, aunts, daughters, and grammies\u2014 unite to force our spineless politicians to act. We are sick to death of losing our children to senseless gun violence, when such an easy remedy exists!\nVote the cowards out of office!\nBan guns now. ", "Hello darkness my old friend\nI've come to talk to you again...\nPaul Simon's words are written on the subway walls and tenement halls....\nNothing comes from violence....", "You are seeing the results of a society that pumps its citizens/children full prescription drugs and glorifies war/violence in its movies, music, video games etc... We export death and destruction across the world with our military. Call it what you want karma, what goes around comes around! We Americans are reaping what we have sowed. We are not being killed from powers abroad, we are decaying from within. ", "Liberal propaganda incites these killers.  How could it be otherwise, they dominate the media in this country.  They say the same old thing every time they deem to report on a shooting, or can't avoid reporting on it.  It's the same refrain of hatred against the NRA, who doesn't produce killers. NRA members are not these mass murderers, but the liberal hate toward them is just as intense if they were.  The hate is what fuels these acts.", "\"Mentally disturbed\", \" White supremacist\", just like the bigot in the White House. and also the head of the DOJ.", "\"In Florida, an AR-15 is easier to buy than a handgun.\"  How is this possible??", "Schools need to be locked down with armed guards. It seems this murderous lowlife was able to walk right into the school. Too easy. We will never have gun laws to prevent this. The system is too messed up to single out the mentally ill. We are inconvienced at airports for security why not at our schools? Security at all are schools is the only answer.", "What we are seeing is the Trump effect on white supremacists mentality, it's OK now to kill others that are different. Trump's hatred is sponsoring these events. ", "To all those hypocritical, paid-for politicians offering \"thoughts and prayers \" while singing praise the Lord and pass the NRA ammunition: Only wimps need an AR-15 to hunt!", "So he\u2019s a white nationalist who shot up a large number of people in a multi ethnic community because of ideology.....\n\n.... tell me again why this is not terrorism? Do you have to be middle eastern and brown to be called a terrorist? \n\nIf it walks like a duck and it shoots and kills people like a terrorist, it\u2019s a terrorist, duck-ness or color aside.\n\n#guncontrolnow #voteGOP-out #whitemalesareterrorists2", "Call these white supremacist group's members, cut from the same cloth as  those \"fine people\" who Trump lauded after they hatefully marched in Charlottesville, what they really are: domestic terrorists. And then marshal every U.S. law enforcement resource to take them down now. ", "We don't have a gun control problem.  We have a money control problem.  Until we ban or severely restrict political bribe money going to Congress, the NRA is nearly unstoppable.\n\nThe NRA is an Enemy of the State.", "Australia did it and no more mass shootings. Trump says we're here for you! No you're not! You and the rest of the politicians being kept by the NRA couldn't care less about children getting shot otherwise they'd really stand up and do something about it. Instead they sit on their thumbs hoping it all goes away.", "Man with mental illness buys a military-grade weapon, shoots kids.  \"Nothing we can do\" but \"thoughts and prayers.\"  Repeat.  Repeat.  Repeat.  This is one sick country.", "This country has lost its mind and unless guns are removed from society these events will continue. The blood of its citizens is on the heads of the GOP. Will the Democrats say this? No. They are cowards as well. ", "It is a sad reality of life in the USA that this is a commonplace occurrence. Does my right to bear arms include any number/style of weaponry? Then why can't I have a nuclear arsenal? Why can't they draw a reasonable line? Can I have a rocket launcher? How many assault rifles do I need? It's disgusting that they can't get past the dollars and solve this. If not for the people, then at least for their own children who are just as likely as any one of our children to get gunned down by some lunatic. ", "California is the land of entrepreneurship, and I have a new business idea. I'm going into the business of selling \"thoughts and prayers\". With the increase in mass shootings, and politicians endless prattles of \"thoughts and prayers\" while they do nothing, nothing, nothing else, I figure pretty soon I'm going to be as big as Apple or Facebook.\n\nIts not just \"mental illness\" Trump. Its not just \"radical terrorists\" Trump. Its not \"violent video games\" Trump. Its guns. Guns, guns, guns; guns everywhere. Too many guns, far too easy to get, far too many guns in the wrong, unqualified, unstable, dangerous people's hands. Guns are the problem, guns must be part of the solution. Guns, Trump! Guns, Paul Ryan! Guns, Mitch McConnell! Do something, try something, or get out and let us get someone in who will.", "Another act of white supremacist terrorism.  But don't expect to hear that from David Duke's guy in the White House.", "In August of 2017, Trump said that both sides were at fault during the demonstrations and counter-demonstrations that resulted in the violent death of a young woman in Charlottesville, VA, who was bravely opposing American Nazism.\n\nThe alt-right responded with great rejoicing.\n\nAs \u201cThe Atlantic\u201d reported on August 15 of last year, \u201c\u2018Really proud of [Trump],\u2019 the alt-right leader Richard Spencer said in a text message. \u2018He bucked the narrative of alt-right violence, and made a statement that is fair and down to earth.\u2019\u201d\n\nExcuse me, but refusing to acknowledge alt-right violence is equivalent to aiding and abetting the enemies of American democracy, enemies who have announced again and again that what ails the US could be cured if only we would follow in the footsteps of Adolf Hitler.\n\nIt\u2019s time that Congress launched a major investigation of alt-right activities and passed new laws to control threats from the right.\n\nOf course, we won\u2019t get such laws from a GOP Congress that includes many members who are quiet fellow travelers with the alt-right and vigorous supporters of the NRA.\n\nAll of us who are sick to death of creeping fascism in the US need to focus proactively on the date November 6 of this year. Let\u2019s turn both Houses of Congress Democratic blue and restore sanity to the madhouse that Trump has made of America.", "I forgot to check the box to let you know that I wanted to be notified when and if you publish my letter.  I sent it off about 5 minutes ago.  This is such an important topic that I hope you will print it.  Thanks.", "Once again the Republicans respond with thoughts-and-prayers because thoughts-and-prayers is the only thing the NRA will permit them to offer.", "Senators and Congressmen/women that receive NRA funding--Stand trial with Nikolas Cruz--he didn't act alone.......", "It is time to start boycotting states with lax gun control laws. I do not need to spend my time and money in them. Imagine Florida without tourists!", "All those Republicans in Congress who have gotten funding from the NRA and many others who are spineless to vote for gun control are responsible for this tragedy.  The NRA promotes a gun culture in America which eventually leads to violence and killing of innocent lives,  Let us identify the NRA for what they are - one of the most dangerous domestic organizations in America that has much blood on their hands,", "Why is it that I get the only feeling the only reason that Donald Trump is going to the school to meet the families is because he's just will happen to be at Mar-A- Lago.", "Good!  And while you cover that, NYT, get every governor's assessment on gun control and publish it.  We'll see how they play in elections back home.  ", "The white supremacist group claims their own, just the way ISIS does. ", "A chipmunk could get an AR 15 with no problem in Florida or for that matter the rest of the south.  But, try and get an abortion and good luck. That says something about the priories in this country.  ", "Trump, who once said \"I could stand in the middle of 5th Avenue and shoot somebody and I wouldn't lose voters\", doesn't mention guns as part of the problem in mass shootings.\n\nMaybe he wants to ensure that he can test that statement out some day.", "We know the shooter was mentally disturbed because of the \"Make America Great Again\" hat he wore on Facebook...", "America, this is NOT normal but I fear that it is being normalized. It is now \"normal\" to hear mass killings of American civilian adults and children, every month, every week. A whole generation of children are growing up thinking this normal. How else can they tolerate this unless they normalize it?\n\nThank the NRA and gun lobbies for this which they promote for profits. Period.", "\"...the family had seen signs of depression in Mr. Cruz, but nothing indicated that he was capable of this kind of violence. The family had allowed Mr. Cruz to bring his gun with him to their house, insisting that he keep it in a lockbox.\"\n\nHere's a rule of thumb that any rational person should follow: If your child or other family member is depressed, they do not need access to guns. You should take those guns away and monitor the individual more closely than you normally do while they are undergoing treatment for depression.\n\nSince our morally bankrupt Republican-led government won't change the laws regarding mental illness and guns, we should have some expected rules of conduct when it comes to mentally ill people and guns, don't you think?\n\nI know that this family was trying to do the right thing by caring for him after his mother passed, but come on. This is going to keep happening again and again. ", "Trump tweets \"No child, teacher or anyone else should ever feel unsafe in an American school\". The opposite in fact is true, how could any child ever feel safe in an American school?", "Every teacher, professor, parent and student should go on strike until these assault weapons are banned. Gun owners should be forced to purchase liability insurance for each and every gun they own...just like cars. It will be on the insurance companies who would have to pay for these tragedies to decide who should be allowed to own a gun. #GunReformNown", "Enough with the prayers!  They solve nothing.  Enough with the focus on the mentally ill!  Too nebulous and won't stop psychopaths.  The only solution is to ban the purchase of live ammunition!  Unless you are in the military of the police force (and I would argue the police don't need live ammunition either), make it illegal.  But the US won't so nothing will change.  Until the next one or the next chapter in Trump saga.  Which will come first?  Bets?", "Can I say it? One of Trump's base. ", "From an email from the Brady Campaign (named after Ronald Reagan's press secretary who was badly wounded in the assassination attempt)\n\"Early reports indicate that the shooter exhibited increasingly violent behavior, and that his mother had even resorted to contacting law enforcement in the past to control him. This behavior led to his expulsion from the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School last year. In cases like this, a law known as an \u201cExtreme Risk Protection Order\u201d can empower those who are close to an individual in crisis to ask a judge to temporarily take away the person\u2019s guns. But Florida doesn\u2019t have such a law. If Florida had such a law, his family would have had the ability to prevent this shooting before it began. Four states (CA, CT, OR, and WA) currently have such laws, and it is being considered in statehouses across the nation. Contact your state legislator to ask them to support ERPO legislation in your area by texting PARKLAND to 877-877.\"\nFact sheet re Extreme Risk Protection Orders:\nhttp://www.bradycampaign.org/sites/default/files/ERPO-Fact-Sheet_08-2017...", "The question isn't whether or not he bought the assault rifle legally, but rather why can anyone buy an assault rifle legally. The assault rifle in civilian hands has only two purposes; to be used to kill a lot of people quickly, or to be played with as a thrill toy. Neither of these purposes is justifiable, but the Republican Congress refuses to act. The assault rifle with an extended magazine has been used many times in the past to slaughter members of the public. We know that it will be used to slaughter members of the public in the future. Congressional Republicans have blood on their hands. They are responsible for the deaths of the students at Parkland. They need to be held to account. ", "Maybe when Donald Trump brings up the question of mental health he has first hand knowledge.", "House Speaker Paul Ryan says public policymakers \u201cshouldn\u2019t just knee-jerk before we even have all the facts and the data,\" adding \"We need to think less about taking sides and fighting each other politically, and just pulling together.\u201d  What craven mealy-mouth heartless pabulum. When George Orwell wrote that \u201cPolitical language is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectable and to give an appearance of solidarity to pure wind,\" he had in mind moral vacuums like Ryan.  Here's some data (from Politico): From the NRA during the 2016 election cycle, $171,977 to Ryan, $5,900,000 to GOP candidates, versus $106,000 to a half-dozen NRA-friendly Democrats.  Blood money."]