["This massacre should have one effect: Amazon, in considering where to put 50,000 employees, may prefer not to have them at risk from machine gun bullets. So the chances of an Amazon headquarters at insane places like  Dallas, Oklahoma City, and Reno or Las Vegas, as well as places like Mogadishu or Rakka are probably fading. ", "Obvious enough the imbalance and out and out  abuse/exploitation of the 2nd Amendment, compared to the other amendments, is intolerable.  The over riding    principle of all the amendments is to support our life, our liberties and our  pursuit of happiness. The current extreme interpretation and exploitation of the 2nd amendment has wrought death, more restriction of our liberties and the imposition of a hate and fear.", "The BIG question is. When will our leaders in Washington D.C. ever learn? It seems to me they have turned a blind eye yet again in gun control. We have seen or witness countless human lives suffer in the past couple years. Enough is enough. We must act now! ", "Well, clearly the flags just aren't quite low enough.  Maybe 10 feet lower.  And we need to pray much harder, and probably put statues of Jesus all over the place and have schoolchildren recite the 10 commandments each morning at school.  Well, that's all I can think of!  It's IMPOSSIBLE to come up with ANY other solution!", "\"Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable.\"\n -- JFK\n\nThus, the endless hoarding of firearms. This will not end well, I fear.", "It might be salutary for the Government to look at all the countries in which  ordinary citizens do not have the right to carry guns--without obtaining a special license and being registered as a gun-owner. How many mass-killings occur or do not occur in these countries? Then the Govt might ask itself why such shootings occur only minimally, if at all, in these other countries. The answer is all too obvious. But the Govt has failed again and again to do anything.\n\nSo until THE PE0PLE of the USA unite and demand, if necessary in a revolution like that which made the country what it once was--until such a time the mass shootings will recur and recur. And I have to say that since \"THE PEOPLE\"  do nothing to stop them, maybe they really deserve all these killings. And they will hopefully get more, and more, until THE PE0PLE are compelled to do something to stop the killings in order to save their children's and their own lives. The more mass-killings there are, the less sympathy an observer can feel for the victims who were THE PEOPLE who failed to act.", "Mr. Israel is right.  Nothing will change, and it's insanity to think otherwise.\n\nI have been numb to the stories and debate following each successive mass shooting since those 20 first graders and their 6 teachers were slaughtered in Newtown CT nearly 5 years ago.  If  our elected representatives could not see their way clear to come together to enact common-sense gun control reform then, when 80-90% of the American people supported it, they never will.\n\nAnd so I'm not reading the stories or participating in the debates any longer.  I'm done with all of that, because I can't take it anymore.  Count me as an officially disaffected citizen, pessimistic that my government will ever truly represent the best of my country ever again.", "\"Third, the problem is you, the reader. You\u2019ve become inoculated. You\u2019ll read this essay and others like it, and turn the page or click another link.\"\n\nOr I could buy a semiautomatic weapon and take out my rage on as many of my fellow humans as possible, but that won't solve the problem \u2014\u00a0nor will weak whimpering from a former congressman who offers no suggestions or solutions (and still panders to the sensitivities of the NRA even in this essay.)", "Nothing will change; case study Chicago.\nLatest statistics from Chiraq: http://heyjackass.com/\nA Democrat state.\nA Democrat city.\nArdently Democrat Mayor Rahm Emanuel pushes to make very strict gun laws, even stricter (2014): https://nyti.ms/2k3Q8nS\nThe Democrat plank on gun control from the platform: https://www.democrats.org/party-platform#gun-violence\nAnd the Chicago PD wants to enforce the laws around guns to the max. Work hand-in-glove with prosecutors to take the hundreds of gun users / possessors off the street and put them in jail to stop the carnage. \n\nWhat\u2019s the problem? \n\n\u201cIt would lead to jail overcrowding\u201d https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20170623/mckinley-park/gun-offender-bill... ", "Another gun massacre; and there is talk, talk, talk, talk, talk, talk, talk, talk, talk talk, analysis, analysis, analysis, analysis, analysis, analysis, analysis, advice, advice, advice, advice, advice, advice, advice, advice, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers ...... ad nauseum.......\nGun control laws enacted ..... zilch\nMove on, nothing to see here.", "Post this opinion piece on Breitbart News and check out the reaction.  Check that ... thousands of reactions.  Until you can sell this position there, nothing will change.  ", "You're wrong, Mr. Isreal. I didn't just turn the page. I called my 2 senators and 1 representative for WA state and strongly urged them to introduce or support sensible gun legislation. I also wrote to 25 friends and urged them to do the same. If everyone did this, we would have a loud majority of Americans demanding for change. Please call your senators and reps NOW! Don't every think one person cannot instigate real change. Gandhi said it best: Be the change you wish to see in the world!", "I do not, have not, and will not vote for candidates who oppose reasonable gun legislation such as background checks and outlawing ridiculous killing machines like AK-47s.  Unfortunately, you're preaching to the choir here. I have no issue with hunting, target practice or gun collectors. I do believe however that our country has lost its collective mind when it comes to guns. You need look no further than a very long list of other industrialized nations with laws to protect their citizens from lunatics with guns, who do not experience the killing fields that have become our back yard. And the worst part? We can't point fingers at \"terrorists\" with exotic accents. We have met the enemy, and he is us. ", "I gave up hope and trust and belief in my government after Sandy Hook.  Congress is bought and paid for by the NRA and the gun lobby.  It has nothing to do with the 2nd amendment; it has to do with money and power.", "May all the foreign visitors and Blue Staters planning to visit Las Vegas, or Grand Canyon, or Yellowstone, just STAY HOME.\n\nThis crowd understands one thing only - M-O-N-E-Y.", "It is clear to all that the United States has a serious problem with gun violence.  What is even more clear is that many politicians really don't care whether people are dying.  They are only concerned with getting re-elected.  Things will never change.", "The NRA, all gun and ammunitions manufacturers, gun and ammunitions retail sellers, and all elected officials who have accepted money from the NRA should be required to pay a tax into a fund that covers all the funeral expenses of the dead, all the healthcare costs (physical and emotional) of the wounded as well as all family and friends of all innocent victims of gun violence, and punitive damages of treble that amount to pay down the national debt. The tax rate may vary but money raised must cover all costs annually. The clock should start on September 30, 2017.", "\"A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state...\"\n\nThat is the subject of the Second Amendment.  There was never any intention to allow individuals to arm themselves against the state.  ", "Allow single shot long rifles for people who, for strange reasons known only to themselves, like to shoot animals.  Require these gun owners to be trained, licensed, and insured.  Every gun would be registered and identifiable.\n\nBan every other kind of gun.  Give people six months to turn them in to the local police station.  In return for their guns, people get a pizza coupon!  Win win!  After that six month period is up, anyone found in possession of a gun is given 20-odd years in jail.  \n\nGun deaths would still happen, but we would see an immediate decline in the numbers of them, and they would be as close to non-existent in 20 years as we could ever get.\n\nIf you think the above proposal violates the 2nd amendment, tell me this:  would you be comfortable with the free availability of (modern-day) arms--aka nuclear weapons?  And, if not, why not?  How can you use the 2nd amendment to justify allowing the kind of firepower this man in Vegas had, but not nukes?  Please explain.", "Nothing is going to change unless the norm is like the rest of the world: not to have a weapon, with having one as a carefully reviewed and controlled exception.", "A crazed lone gunman kills many. There is outrage, and rightfully so. And the left screams about gun control.\nA lone Muslim kills many, either with knives, bombs, vans, etc. But the left cautions about lumping all Muslims in the same crazed basket as the lone Muslim.\nWhy not the same courtesy for gun owners?\n(disclaimer: I do not own a gun, nor am I member of the NRA)", "Today we see this NYT headline--- \"Terrorizing if Not Clearly Terrorist: What to Call the Las Vegas Attack?\"\n\njWhat's not clear, NYT? Why the question? It's American terrorism, end of story.\n These shooters are people walking around with seething, irrational hatred, blaming their personal troubles on whatever group or politics they choose. \n\nBut the crucial point ---in America, the violent haters are given support by our Republican Right Wing fomenting polarization.  AND our politics gives permission for guns to be glorified as a paranoiac defense against any so called enemy AND as a defense against big govt vs our freedoms.  \n\nIt all works together as a depraved political syndrome, as our politicians take big money from the gun lobby and the Supreme Court lies to us that money this is Free Speech per the Constitution. \n\nNever in the history of democracies was a bigger hoax perpetrate on so many by so few. ", "To recall the equally horrific act of truck driven terror July 14, 2016, a year and a half ago, in Nice, France, will not change minds politically exploiting  the Las Vegas massacre to promote anti-2nd Amendment gun ownership. But Tunisian terrorist Mohamed Lahouarej-Bouhlel, the truck driver, killed 86 pedestrians, injuring 458, that fateful night along the seaside Promenade does Anglais.", "The sad truth is the gun humpers wont and don't care.\nOur democracy is bought and paid for to the highest bidder.\nWe are now a land of liars and marks.\n\nThis is your Republic.\n\nI suggest the rest of the world beware of the USA.", "\"Third, the problem is you, the reader. You\u2019ve become inoculated. You\u2019ll read this essay and others like it, and turn the page or click another link.\"\n\nNo, sir. You do not get to blame us for your inaction and malaise. It is not our fault we see through you and other politicians and have no faith in you. I mean, you wrote an op-ed saying nothing will change for God's sake, how dare you blame your readers for your apathy. It's your fault. DO YOUR JOB and stop whining. ", "Here's the perfect response to right-wing media that deliberately and falsely reported that the Las Vegas shooter was Muslim, long after it was clear he wasn't: http://nitwitia.com/0006-isis-claim-about-shooting-must-be-true/", "Sensible gun control is a dirty word for the Republican legislators funded by the corrupt NRA. One should wonder about their humanity- do they even care about their own children? Gun for all at any place is the propaganda by the NRA machine. We elect the corrupt legislators to protect us the people, not to serve the NRA thugs. When the madness will stop? Why people let this critical issue get hijacked by a vested interest group whose only goal is to fatten their wallets. Shame on the the legislators who serve as the mouthpiece of the world's worst organization and support them to continue the killing of the innocent people they were elected to serve.", "No sensible person with an iota of reason can disagree with what Mr. Israel has said. \n\nWe all have seen this movie before: flags half-masted, prayers offered -- which Speaker Ryan and McConnell did few hours ago. Then came the usual explanations: you can't regulate evil (Gov. Kentucky); guns don't kill people (NRA). Yawn!\n\nEven before the bodies got cold we turned to what we do well in general: say a prayer, express outrage - or not - see what company would benefit from the tragedy: while we mourn the markets reached a new all time high!", "We don't turn the page and forget! We give money to gun control causes, we phone our representatives, we write letters, we try all we can but Congress is deaf! Now we even have to worry about gun silencers for god'sake! ", "The land of the spree and the home of the crazed.", "Again, as has been said many times when massive gun deaths occur, it is not the fault of your Congressional representative who takes money from the NRA, that results in the deaths of even groups of children. It is yours. You voted for these representatives. You believed the propaganda. You support the violence with your vote. You want more death? Keep voting for these representatives. Thus far, they are doing what you want them to do. Nothing. ", "A review of history suggests, back to McVeigh, at least,\nthat the massacre mindset in the US belongs firmly\nto White men, whether teenagers or 62 year olds.\nFrom Columbine to Charlottesville and the church murders.\nIs this large portion of our population sick of mind and\nspirit?  Looking past these shootings as symptomatic, what is the disease and where does it start or rise again from the\nshadows? Or are there too many answers to my question\nto make reasonable discourse, motions and laws possible\nin Congress? We are wallowing in the hands of an opportunist\nin the WH.", "Wasn't it our president who said he  could go outside Trump Tower on 5th avenue and shoot somebody, and  his base wouldn't care?  Is that what is going to happen here?", "Garbage.\n\nThere are 3 reasons why Congress refuses to act:  money, money and money.\n\nIf 80% of Americans want people on the No Fly List to be prohibited from buying assault rifles, but the NRA, weapons manufacturers, and ammunition manufacturers grease the right palms, who wins?\n\nI'll bet you can figure that one out.", "What Steve Israel doesn't understand is half the country doesn't trust democrats  to stop at one \"common sense\" gun measure.  Because they won't.", "Swiss radio just interviewed a kind and articulate taxi driver who yesterday was shuttling people to Vegas airport. He said he personally owned 2 M16 rifles, that, until yesterday, he considered Vegas to be a very safe city and thus his 2 M16 automatic riffles where enough for his security. Now, he had decided to buy another rifles or two to keep up with the new danger.... \n\nLet's multiply this reasoning by some millions and agree with Mr Israel that the solution is not in sight and that the your great country will, for long, keep a gun homicide rate iwhich s more than 25 times the average of other high-income countries. https://everytownresearch.org/gun-violence-by-the-numbers/#America", "Sandy Hook is in Newtown, CT not Newton. ", "How about creating the \"Gun Massacre Victim Compensation Fund\" so at least, if we're going to do nothing about controlling guns, victims don't have to have a GoFundMe just to get through their immediate medical bills (to say nothing of long-term needs to cover physical and psychological damage). \n\nOf course, this would be DOA in a Republic controlled Congress. Don't want another ENTITLEMENT!! ", "So, tell me just how all these holier-than-thou right-to-lifers square voting against legal abortion AND against gun control? Doesn't quite add up, folks!", "If an organization were to post online instructions on how to build pressure cooker bombs or were to promote policies that promote and give ready access to weapons that could be used in terror attacks, would we not label that organization a domestic terrorist one?  So is it time to label the NRA a domestic terrorist organization?  I believe it is", "The  gun men\u2019s (plural) gripes and motivation don\u2019t matter. Who cares whether this fits the definition of  \u201cterrorism\u201d? Not the time to talk about it...really?....pray for the murdered and maimed...but avoid action re gun control measures?  Deplorable, insane, idiocy, evil, shameful, crazy making, disgusting....words are meaningless.", "Picture the scene: the Devil meets with a southern Republican congressman, with a 100% approval rating from the NRA, at an upscale bar in downtown Washington, D.C.\n\nThe Devil: We need to firm up the exact parameters of our deal.  So let's say you get to stay in office, but in return I get an additional 10,000 American gun deaths.  Does that work for you?\n\nCongressman: Sure, no problem.\n\nDevil:  100,000?\n\nCongressman:  Fine.\n\nDevil:  How about 1,000,000.\n\nCongressman:  Yep.\n\nDevil: 10,000,000?\n\nCongressman:  OK.\n\nDevil:  100,000,000.\n\nCongressman:  Hmmm.  Can I think about that and get back to you?", "What if a Sandy Hook parent was a local D.A. or god forbid some part of the federal alphabet soup of agencies where they got the privilege of carrying a gun or carry was a part of their job.  Would they no longer carry the weapon?  Would they leave it in the car when they get home everyday?  Would they resign their work so as not to have any contact with firearms.\n\nInstead of making smug one line comments, the Liberals should be discussing these questions.", "When you see Sarah Huckabee looking right at the public saying now isn't the time to discuss guns and we need to instead unite as a country, you are looking right into the face of special interest corruption wrapped in Jesus.  ", "Oops. That second sentence should read, \"The deafening silence of politicians who NORMALLY would jump on the anti-Muslim bandwagon and declare it terrorism once the shooter is determined to be white.\"\n\nBut since I'm asking, has ANY politician said anything of substance?", "Would things change if some shrewd hacker doxed all the executives of the NRA and all the members of its board of directors?\n\nWould things change if the all the executives of the NRA and all the members of its board of directors lived in fear?", "Please sign a petition to repeal the 2nd Amendment at petitions.whitehouse.gov. If we get enough signatures the White House is required to respond. If they don't we should sue. Enough is enough.", "Representative Israel, your last two paragraphs got under my skin.\n\nMy country has devolved into a deeply divided state of hate, bigotry and racism overseen by an infantile, incompetent madman. Yet, all I hear is people telling me the only way to fix it is to get involved; and I keep asking, involved in what?\n\nOther than taking to the streets (which I've done), the only other options seem to be to run for office myself (I won't win), or to call my congressman and my senators.\n\nMy congressman is Jimmy Panetta from California's solidly blue 20th District, and my senators are Kamala Harris and Dianne Feinstein, both staunch liberals. If I call these people, all they'll tell me is, \"Yes, James, we agree.\"\n\nWhat else am I supposed to do, Congressman? It's one thing to be confronted by horror with every-increasing frequency, on an almost daily basis; it's another to be told that it's partly my fault for my inaction, when there's NOTHING else I can do.", "The freedom argument advanced by serial sex abuser & killing-obsessed Bill O'Reilly is a nonsense argument. ALL laws restrict freedom so we should do away w/ all laws if we want unlimited freedom.\n\nWhy do we need speed zones & traffic controls? For that matter, why have laws against robbery, rape, & murder?\n\nThe Founders never intended such \"freedom.\" They also never intended the 2nd Amendment as a bar against reasonable gun control. It was meant to prevent the federal government from interfering w/ the functioning of state militias.\n\nUntil we end this nonsense of unrestricted \"freedom,\" we will have more tragedies & more \"thoughts & prayers\" bought & paid for by the gun industry. ", "When will Congress stop this insane following of gun lobbyists and their money?", "In response to Sen. Cornyn's comment chastising those who seek to politicize our country's latest mass murder spectacle, I offer the following in the interest of further politicizing this most polarizing of issues:\n\n\"I Think That Her Bodyguards Should Drop All Weapons.  They Should Disarm.  Right?  Right.\nWhat Do You Think?  Yes?  Yes.  Yeah.  Take Their Guns Away.  She Doesn't Want Guns.  Take Their...\nLET'S SEE WHAT HAPPENS TO HER.\"  (my emphasis)  These words were spoken by one Donald John Trump at a major campaign rally on\n16 September 2016 in Miami, FL.\n\nAh, but that was just classic Trumpian over-the-top political rhetoric, no?  Do such reckless irresponsible statements matter?  As for the GOP's deeply cynical intransigence on regulating military-grade weaponry, they should be forced to face an intimate gathering of all the affected families and tell them WHY we should continue to NOT strictly prohibit civilians from owning these killing machines.     ", "Too late for change.  There are already 300+ million guns in the US and plenty of ammo to boot.  Honestly, what can be done at this point to prevent the next massacre?  We are helpless and powerless to effect any meaningful change...  ", "I will never again vote Republican.  Nor did I during the last election.", "Mr. Israel says part of the problem is those of us who read this and then turn the page.   Those who decide to forget until the next horror.   Who do nothing.\n But seriously - WHAT CAN WE DO?  Can someone please tell me what an upset, saddened, helpless, empathy-filled citizen do???   I sign loads of petitions - seem to do nothing.   I voted for the peace loving candidate who promised to deal with all this - I got gerrymandered and Russia-ed into nothingness.   I don't forget - though it means lots of personal pain.   Even though I haven't been personally touched, thank God, I do feel the pain of others.   If only more people did.   I'm not a public speaker and my confrontation skills aren't great.   So tell me, please, WHAT ELSE CAN I DO?", "Honestly, if nothing happened after Newtown, nothing will ever happen.", "Why would I do anything but turn the page and move on to the next tragedy? I've been advocating for gun control since President Kennedy was murdered in 1963. If Congress didn't act after the murder of those little children in Connecticut, they'll never enact gun control.", "2,800+ comments all pretty consistent with the need for gun control. I to support reasonable gun control laws.\nHere's my concern. What if the problem isn't guns? Is it possible we are being distracted by the gun issue? Could it be that the real problem is clearly disturbed people hell bent on mass murder. What if guns are merely the easiest means to that end.\nIf we eliminated every single gun in the country would we solve the problem? I think not.\nWouldn't these disturbed people simply find the next best means to that end?  The recent concert bombing in London; not guns. Oklahoma City, no guns. The recent death of the young woman in Chancellorsville, no guns.\nIt is our natural tendency as good people to want to do SOMETHING in the face of such horrible violence. My concern is that we have completely focused on a solution that will not solve the problem.\nA gasoline tanker can be driven into a concert venue. A man is currently on trial for planting bombs in Chelsea and NJ. The list of horrible possibilities goes on.\nOf course I applaud everyone who seeks a way to stop the violence. But what if, maybe, by focusing solely on gun control we are all ignoring deeper, underlying reasons for the violence.\nI wish I could offer a meaningful solution but I can't. If we accept the premise that many of these acts are committed by very mentally disturbed people, perhaps we should consider the way this country deals with mental health issues with the same vigor we consider gun control. ", "As I read through the impassioned comments I'm enlivened with hope. Compassion and sensibility must erode the fear and misinformation many have internalized. Stronger gun laws do NOT result in the loss of our guns or our freedom. The freedom to live is a right I believe all humanity would agree is second to none. If this horrific tragedy becomes last weeks headline, then the murdered and the grieving have been shacked with injustice. \n\nIf Congressman Israel's prediction that our lawmakers will continue protecting self promoting career agendas over the safety and well-being of their constituents, then WE have a duty to fulfill. The duty to remember and to vote. Our state representatives must be held accountable for their position and actions on this matter. Changes must be made. Otherwise, this horrendous act will dissolve into the same statistical haze the preceding mass shootings have. Statistics that no doubt will be surmounted by the inevitable subsequent tragedy. \n\nSadly, we couldn't save our fallen brothers and sisters in Las Vegas, but our actions from this point forward WILL save...or bury the rest of us.  The main purpose of government is to protect its citizens. Let's unite over our interconnected humanity and compassion for those lost and remind our government of its absolute duty. I'm hopeful THIS is our waking moment.", "\u201cThought and Prayer\u201d\nNothing here to see, folks\nThough we appreciate you care\nWe got this tragedy covered\n\u2018Cause we\u2019re offering thought and prayer\n\nLook how well it\u2019s worked before\nThrough Pulse and Sandy Hook\nTo cure the sick and the deeply demented\nThoughts and prayers is all it took\n\nNo need to have a great debate\nFor which our forefathers already fought\nThey endowed us with an inalienable right\nTo be blinded by prayer and thought", "There is one group of people who are not allowed to have guns- in New Mexico at least- they are holders of Medical Cannabis licenses. That is very funny! No one who is on Cannabis has the desire to shoot a gun.", "Anti gun activists need to play as rough and ruthlessly as the NRA. They should gain access to the crime scene photos of these massacres and release them on the internet; let people see the piles of bodies, see what grade school kids look like in death with their limbs torn off and heads destroyed. Make it personal to the mothers of America. But the anti gun activists I've talked to about this are shocked by the suggestion, they're too polite and upscale to do something so outrageous. They're not as serious as the NRA and so lose to it.", "The GOP is not interested in regulating guns. It is interested in regulating uteruses.", "What does it take?  We all know.  We know.  We refuse to act on what we know.  We now know, definitively, what collective moral failure looks, tastes and feels like.  Make no mistake: all of us are responsible.  Even those of us who lobby our representatives, write our congressmen, beg our senators, cajole, beg, plead, borrow with our fellow citizens.  Failure.  Chumps.  Waste of carbon and oxygen, a pariah to the world.  The Great Experiment is finished.  All of us did this.  We all allowed the worst of the worst to take charge and govern our lives.  Washington, Adams, Franklin, Jefferson et. al., please note the time of death of the Republic you painstakingly created.  The Worst Generation is now in charge and we will see to the ruin of what's left of the Republic.  We will extend the misery to the rest of the world.  No one will escape our brand of evil.  Buckle up!", "Yes, Mr. President, let us pray:\n\n\"O Lord, let us call out the N.R.A. Leadership for their\n evil. They are merchants of death and greed;their monopoly feeding on\n hate and fear.\"\n\n\"Let us Pray O Lord, for just one righteous Billionaire who\n would stand up to the N.R.A. and pledge to match them\n 2 to l for any person targeted for defeat by the N.R.A.\"\n\nIt is the evil leaders of the N.R.A. who are the fanatics\nthat could stop this madness of gun violence. They could\nallow common sense, reasonable gun control laws.\n\nLetters to the Editor, calling your congressman won't\nmake a difference to the N.R.A. Board. They\njust want their greedy profits at the expense of the\nkilling of innocents by mass slaughter.\n\nHunters and gun sports enthusiasts want a reformed\nN.R.A., but no reformers within the N.R.A. are allowed\non their Board.\n\nI wish in an ideal world, the N.R.A. Board would be\nheld accountable as \"accessory to murder,\" every time\ntheir buying Congress to prevent them passing sane gun control\nmeasures, results in our innocent citizens  being slaughtered.", "I have not been inoculated, but I am frustrated.   I do not oppose anyone's right to own a rifle for hunting or a pistol  for protection or using either at a gun range for recreation.   I am against a private citizen owning any kind of semiautomatic, multiple round firing weapon.   I think that people who are on the terror watch list, have domestic violence charges,  or are mentally incompetent should not be allowed to purchase guns.    Background checks should be required for all purchases, including those at gun shows.     I live in a state where all members of the House and the Senate get a D or F rating from the NRA, so I can't vote out those members of Congress who get big donations from the NRA or gun lobbies.   ", "It's high time the 2nd amendment is changed. ", "Because your colleagues are bought and paid for. So it doesn't matter that the majority of Americans, owners of guns, members of the NRA, and folks who won't go near a gun, favor control. With the money involved, they don't have to care. ", "Let the NRA be proud of its position. Let it say \"Those who died in Las Vegas, died for the freedom of the American people.\" That is their position. The NRA argument has always been that possession of firearms is, at the last redoubt, justifiable as a defense against Federal power. But they won't say this. The NRA has backed itself into a corner. It is time to take the NRA's argument to its ultimate conclusion and ask \"How many Americans have to die for America to be 'free'? Name a number.\"", "If a politician does not immediately identify this latest mass shooting as a gun control issue, then s/he is complicit in the senseless murder of Americans. Be honest, more Americans are killed by Americans with guns than is inflicted by any foreign national upon the citizenry of this country. This is NOT an immigration issue and any conflation of the two is xenophobic, irresponsible governance. \n\nThrough our failure to privilege civil society over arms ownership we have created the conditions for what has become a horrifically ordinary and monotonous string of non-war related massacres (1). A position we alone shamefully (shamelessly) hold in the world.  \n\n1) https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/02/opinion/editorials/mass-s...\u00aeion=CColumn&amp;module=MostEmailed&amp;version=Full&amp;src=me&amp;WT.nav=MostEmailed", "People would rather own a gun than save a life.  If you have a gun, instead of actually using it for self defense, chances are much greater that it will be stolen from you and possibly used on you or someone in your household or another victim of that thief, or someone in your household will accidentally discharge it killing or maiming a loved on, or someone in your household in a moment of despondency will kill themselves.   That is what will happen when you own a gun - and when you are a gun owner, you don't care.", "The country has a serious governance problem.  People can take a car and hit pedestrians, they can book a room and make an arsenal, the president preaches violence, and drivers that kill people are as guilty as the dead.  Is this Republican  Democracy?", "it frankly boggles the mind that somebody can get into a Hotel with 20 plus assault weapons, spend weeks in the rooms (with room cleaning getting in every day), and nobody wanders about it, ask questions? nobody calls the police? ... oh, I forgot: it is legal ... what a sick country this has become. ", "As though to demonstrate the low-information hysteria calling for a gun ban, for the repeal of our 2nd Amendment right to gun ownership, recall that a  truck driving terrorist mowed down hundreds of pedestrians July 14, 2016- less than 2 years ago- in Nice, France. He killed 86 pedestrians, almost 30 more than the Las Vegas shooter this week, and he injured 458.  It's clear that the misuse of something as necessary as trucks can easily be used for mass murder - much more easily than amassing an asrsenal with background checks.", "What the gun lobby is essentially saying is that losing these lives is worth preserving the right of Americans to own and use rapid fire guns.   They are saying that the lives of Americans are not worth protecting, and their deaths are a just price for preserving the right of all Americans to own weapons that are capable of killing and maiming hundreds of people within minutes.\n\nTo the lawmakers, to the President, to the gun lobby:   what if it were your child?   Is your child's life worth less than that right?  Because for all of us, that is what it going to come down to.", "The stupidity of America is clearly illustrated by the gun problem. We've had thousands of mass shootings, yet nothing is done, compared to Australia that cracked down on guns after one horrific case of gun violence in which 38 innocents were slaughtered.  ", "America is destroying itself. ", "All of us who believe that gun laws should change should join the NRA and remove their leadership base.", "Here is a fallacy: \"Guns don't kill people, people do.\"  Here's the truth: People *with semi-automatic weapons* kill people.  No weapons, no killing.  Look at Australia.  Not all gun deaths can be prevented, sure, but wholesale slaughter can be reduced.  The NRA doesn't care if you, me or even members of Congress die.  Think about it.  How sick we are when Congress enables its own murderers.", "Does any life matter here?", "Another cowardly act of violence - aimed at a gathering of innocent people.\nHow much killing, hatred, violence, anger, destructive behavior, are we 'entitled' to witness, before WE say enough is enough, finally ?\nBut wait !! - Now is not the time to talk about gun control - the folks in Las Vegas are overwhelmed with grief, and horrific feelings of emptiness and despair.\nNewsFlash:  Throughout the course of recovery and rescue events in Puerto Rico, Donald Trump didn't hesitate to bring up Puerto Rico's debt problems.  And, he did this after the Mayor of P.R. had asserted that 'now is not the time to talk about our freekin' debt'.  And, in fact, he did it just an hour ago after he arrived in P.R., mentioning to the P.R. audience that 'you've thrown our budget a little out of whack'.\nSo, its okay to raise a budget issue with a U.S. Territory in times of pain, hunger, and suffering, yet one dare not ever raise the 'gun control' issue, ever.\nTo me, guns are only good for one thing.  That is, to kill !\nAnd if we ALL didn't learn a lesson from the tragic shooting at Sandy Hook (innocent children, for Christ's Sake), shame on your, shame on us, shame on America !!", "The NRA via the GOP uses the 2nd amendment as a weapon.", "None of the Republican legislators will EVER do anything to protect innocent Americans from gun violence. They are vicious heartless cowards. They failed to act after Sandy Hook, why would they now?\n\nCalifornia has shown America the path to safety.  Restrict and TAX ammunition sales, and do it state by state with the use of initiatives from the people.  Go around our elected GOP representatives, as they are spineless and heartless on protecting our own citizens from gun violence. ", "Thoughts and prayers. Moments of silence. Candle light vigils.\nCongress, for how much longer will you allow the gun industry to own you?\nThe killer had his second amendment right protected by you. But you pay no heed to the right to life those victims should have had.\nRepublican Party, don't you dare call yourselves the Right to Life party.\nYou protect life for nine months and then you surrender to the gun industry lobby.\nEnough!", "America ..  if this is your definition of \"freedom\" you can have it. ", "Wake UP people. Republican's SOFTBALL game was shot up and still no action on gun control. If we wait for them to get on board for this legislation we're fools.", "The NRA has bought and own the CONGRESS! This is the USA the Clockwork Orange. We love mass shooting. The most dangerous country on earth. We are so proud of our Exceptionalism. Come to America, get shot in a Mass Shooting it\u2019s like Running The Bulls except with Congress shooting bullets at you. Fun for the whole family. And whe it\u2019s all over all our elected officials will offer their prayers and lower the flag to half mast. Don\u2019t take a knee when we play the National Anthem.", "A finger-pointing violent perpetrator blames others for violence he caused.\n\nTricky thing about violence: it always comes back to bite violent people. Violence begets violence--always. If you perpetrate violence, rest assured you will be victimized by violence. The great philosophers all understood this. Karma! Jesus: Do unto others as you would have others do to you. The corollary: What you do to others will be done to you.\n\nFor seven+decades the people of the United States embraced or tacitly accepted slavery's unspeakable violence codified in their Constitution. Unless you were a slave or a rare abolitionist, you profited from the stolen fruits of slave labor. You could have stopped it as the women of England stopped its highly profitable slave trade by boycotting slave-grown sugar. American women never boycotted cotton, perhaps because it was the primary source of the nation's growing prosperity, lynch pin of the Industrial Revolution, and the world's #1 commercial commodity.\n\nThen, the violence visited upon slaves begot War! Not 59 killed as in Vegas, but 650,000! America's penultimate tragedy after slavery itself. A few truly wise folks clearly saw the Civil War's slaughter as the corollary of slavery.\n\nSince the Civil War, America has been perpetrating violence at home by its law enFORCEment methods and abroad in wars. Were the 59 dead in Vegas innocent victims? Or were most guilty of supporting government violence with their taxes and through Rep. Israel and his ilk?", "Republicans are bringing the country down to ruins. ", "At the very least enact laws such that gun owners must have liability insurance.\nBigger guns, higher premiums.\nMaybe GEICO or the like can smell the possibilities and offer bigger bribes to our politicians then the NRA can.", "\u201cWhat the World Needs Now\u201d . . . is for the US Congress to authorize anyone and everyone to acquire not only fully automatic machine guns with appropriate combat ammo but also RPVs as well as tactical nuclear weapons . . . the more the merrier . . . Second Amendment rights after all . . . right?", "I know WHAT!! Let's just outlaw guns like we did with narcotics and marijuana. That just has to work, right? Didn't it work with the 19th Amendment?", "Absolutely, it won't change anything nor should it. Has any of you liberals thought at all about \"Gun Control\" ? It does not appear so. There is always this knee jerk response to gun violence, \u201cwe need more gun control\u201d. As yourself what is it that you think it will accomplish.\n\nThere are over 300 million weapons in ownership by US Citizens, more than the US military has. What does one do about the them? Gun Control only works on the law abiding, so those inclined to violence or criminal acts won't give their weapons up, they will hide them or sell them or whatever. Net affect from any gun control legislation is that more guns are sold in the run up to the passage of the legislation, then if it did pass millions of weapons would go in hiding/underground which would make them even more accessible to the criminal/terrorist class. \n\nThe only people that Gun Control impacts are the law abiding, which makes one think that this is the real reasons that the Liberals/Dems want Gun Control in the first place. They know that as long as the citizenry has guns they can never control us, which is their want.", "Something could change.  In a few years, after finding a hitherto-obscure 18th century dictionary, an originalist Supreme Court might rule that the Second Amendment requires every adult white male Christian to carry a gun at all times and buy 1000 rounds of ammo annually. ", "Why are people calling for gun control measures yet again when none of them would have stopped this event? Are you imagining he carried these guns into the hotel in plain view? Are you thinking he bought these guns somewhere? They're already illegal! Are you thinking we could confiscate all the guns in the US that can be turned into automatic weapons without a civil war? How much thought have you actually given this?", "Mass shooting in the congress and within gun lobbying firms will be one good thing to this country and perhaps one will can change their stance it they are alive. ", "No. It is not hopeless. Do not give in to the notion that nothing will ever change. Right now, there are probably thousands of people writing and calling their representatives, urging them not to vote in favor of making silencers easier to get. Thousands are asking for stricter laws and better enforcement of laws already on the books.\nSeveral groups continue to lobby against guns and for better laws. Donate to them. Call and write your representatives. Vote against candidates who support the NRA and get \"A\" ratings from that particular group of fanatics. \n\nSlavery was not eliminated overnight. Civil rights were not won overnight. Women's suffrage was not won overnight. Even prohibition took years to get onto the books and years went by before it was removed. \n\nGun control will come. Who knows? Maybe someday we can even get the 2nd amendment repealed and replaced. Keep trying and do not let immature and selfish men stop you or make you lose hope. ", "Yeah, nothing will change as long as the colluding NRA/GOP co-conspirators keep their stranglehold against passing effective gun control legislation.", "Steve, I whole heartily agree with you and am so saddened by the inaction taken in Congress to stop these atrocities. I was a senior in college at UCSB when the Isla Vista shooting took place. 6 students lost their lives, dozens were injured and our community mourned for weeks after this tragedy happened. I blame the state of CA (a more liberally minded state) for letting this happen. The perp was able to stockpile assault style firearms even though he had a history of recorded mental illness. He had wellness checks conducted by police on behalf of his parents request. Nothing happened. He wrote an incredibly twisted manifesto. Published YouTube videos online outlining his plans. And he was not stopped. No, I have not forgotten and I will never forget those events. They are seared into memory just like Sandyhook, Aurora, Charleston, Orlando, Vegas and countless others have been. This is not normal and the American people have had enough. Nowhere is safe and to think that we all have to live with an ounce of fear every time we step out into our own backyards to go to a concert, the movies, school, university, church, temple, wherever is absolutely deplorable. Congress should be praying to God asking for forgiveness about how they can let this keep happening. ", "We don't care, and we never will.  \n\nSarah Huckabee Sanders parrots the long-standing position of our government.  It's never time to talk about gun control, unless of course we're talking about flooding the streets with more weaponry, or providing legal cover for those who want to murder with impunity.  Then the time is always right.\n\nMy homeland is unsafe.  It sickens me.", "Well written. Clear.And in a sense,in the aftermath of a massacre of innocents, this is also an Ode.To ever present, toxic, complacency and faux compassion by\u2026To cooptation of the muted.Of the willful blind.To the deaf who refuse to listen to,and hear,the voices of silenced fellow beings. To\nwillful ignorance about what is enabled to go on, which shouldn\u2019t be.And what isn\u2019t being planned, done and assessed, which should be.Not only as an outcome of our accepting living within a  daily violating, traditionalized, anchored, institutionalized WE-THEY country and culture.Many of US, God\nfearing, religious in label only,secular and science-\u201cfaithers\u201d, emote by blaming an actual and virtual THEM while not taking personal responsibility, alone and with others, to begin to actually make needed viable, differences.Many elected policy makers, and other relevant, influential stakeholders, individuals and systems, aren\u2019t doing their job!To promote and sustain levels and qualities of safe well being.Mutual trust.Respect, Civility. Caring and  help as needed. Within safe life spaces and a socio-political framework  of menschlichkeit.Our blaming THEM, and targeted others hasn\u2019t lessened the ongoing violating.We remain irresponsible to  ourselves, and others, as we enable their irresponsibilities to continue. Even to grow and spread.There is a need to go beyond words, which all too often mislead as well as enable too early closure.\"Ever tried.Ever failed.No matter.Try again.Fail better.\"", "We are a morally unmoored people. \"Amendments\" have nothing to do with that. ", "The lie conflating responsible gun control with repealing the 2nd amendment must be stopped. It's time for a continuing peaceful demonstration exposing this lie. The NRA Washington DC office is at 410 First St SE, DC 20003. \n\nHere is your Congress member's record on gun control votes: https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/national/gun-legislation/\n\nI support the 2nd Amendment AND I support reasonable gun control laws.", "I didn't believe it would change even with the Newtown shooting, so why would I think anything would change with this shooting. ", "Come on, NRA. tell the American public why a private citizen in the United States needs an AK47 or any other automatic rifle?  Go ahead...let's hear it.  We are all waiting for a response.  ", "If I truly believed President Trump were capable of protecting me, then I would feel like some inferior individual.\n\nHe is just implementing the decisions on our behalf. He is just our servant, not otherwise!\n\nBeing the elected president didn\u2019t make him any smarter or more visionary. There is no piece of information available to him that could change our basic system of values, thus he cannot make the better decisions that us!\n\nHe is just more prone to making the wrong decisions for being overwhelmed with many tiny details, thus losing the grasp of the big picture.\n\nIf he were better than us, he would never sink so low to engage into the stupid bickering and arguing with the North Korean president\u2026\n\nOur system of values should not be determined by any tragedy but by the basic principles we believe in!", "Shares of gun stocks (Sturm Ruger, Smith & Wesson, Wincheter) rose following the LV shooting from 3-6%, according to CNN.  \n\nApparently the only thing we have to fear is not having a weapon close at hand.\n\nWho are these cowards that fear America?", "The modern republican party is composed of history's all time political cowards and thieves. Dozens of children massacred? Can't be bothered. Dozens of adults massacred? That's life. The biggest, most obvious con man in history absconds with our country? Hey maybe we can get legislation passed to take healthcare from millions and give the wealthiest more wealth to sit on.... How obvious does this have to get?", "2nd amendment allows Armed citizens to avert massacres: Robert Caleb Engle at the Nashville Church attack used his gun to prevent a massacre; Susan Hupp (at the Luby cafeteria massacre) left her gun in her car and failed to interrupt a massacre in which her parent were killed.\nEngle was unarmed, his firearm still in his car in the church parking lot. During a  struggle with the shooter, Engle was pistol-whipped. At some point in the altercation, the shooter\u2019s gun went off and he was hit with a bullet in the left chest.\n\"Engle, despite his head injuries, then ran out to his car in the parking lot and retrieved a pistol.  He held [the gunman] at gunpoint until police arrived.\u201d\nSuzanna Hupp was present at the Luby\u2019s Cafeteria massacre (23 people killed and 21 wounded) where both of her parents were killed. She would have liked to have had her gun during it, but said, \"it was a hundred feet away in my car\" (she had feared that if she was caught carrying it she might lose her chiropractor's license). She testified across the country in support of concealed handgun laws, and was elected to the Texas House of Representatives in 1996.", "Until gun fanatics are willing to allow banning the manufacture and sale of all military-style firearms to the public, allow background checks on all gun sales, keep a database of all gun owners, allow the CDC to study and report on gun-related injuries and deaths, and insist that no guns are sold to the mentally ill, convicted felons, and those guilty of domestic abuse, innocent people will continue to die. Make this offer to one of these guys, \" Leave the current gun laws as is and this curly-haired kindergartener gets shot in the head. OR put reasonable gun laws in place, and she lives. You choose.\" They so selfishly protect their \"rights\" to carry any gun any where and any way they want to, that they are willing to sacrifice the lives of children and other innocents. Total selfishness. It's sickening.", "This is one of the saddest commentaries to have appeared in these pages. But only too true. I quote Elie Wiesel:\n\nIndifference, to me, is the epitome of evil.", "I am strong supporter of the 2nd Amend. and used a weapon to save the lives of others in my three tours to Iraq. I believe in home defense, target shooting, and sensible hunting of small game. That being said, does one needs a small arsenal to do either of those things well that I mentioned? Does one need high capacity military style weapons to feel safe in one's home? Yes, there is a sensible middle ground on this issue. Paddock was a law abiding citizen who bought his weapons legally up to the moment of yesterday's massacre. We can either grow numb to mass shootings like this or we can come together as Americans to solve this problem in a reasonable fashion. So if you get upset when NFL players express their 1st Amendment rights, then you should be upset when innocent Americans die when a lunatic expresses his 2nd Amendment rights.", "WE THE PEOPLE must get this discussion out of the debate mode.  There is no debate.  The vast majority of Americans want reasonable control on weapons of mass destruction in OUR country.\n\nWE must demand that EVERY gun in The United States of America be registered on a national database, state licensed and fully  insured for liability.\n\nStop the madness.  NOW!", "I'm quite tired of hearing people say that their \"thoughts and prayers are with\" strangers they never heard of whose lives and deaths affect them not at all.  I wish those who died in Vegas had not died.  But what happened to them doesn't affect me, so Mr. Israel shouldn't expect me to drop everything and march on Washington to demand gun control.  \n\nMr. Israel should not blame those of us who are not in positions of leadership.  He should simply admit that most members of Congress are self-seeking jerks who care about absolutely nothing, including the violent deaths of innocents, other than their own careers.      ", "No one who supports the NRA gets my vote. period.", "I do my part by never having voted for a republican since sometime in the 1980's. Anyone voting for Republicans and then offering condolences to the friends and family of gun violence I'm sorry you are part of the problem.", "I wonder how many people in the crowd were parrying guns. It didn't help much did it?\nI would like to the NYT post on its home page the photos and names of the congressmen who support the NRA. ", "Something will change ...\nMore gunmaker's campaign donation will be funneled through the NRA to all those 'family-value' Senators and House members.", "Please tell us what law would have prevented any of these killings. \n\nGive me one rational proposal that would have changed the killer\u2019s from changing their evil minds. ", "Nothing will change because we're a doomed country.", "Vote against any politician with a high NRA rating.  Turn this nonsense around.", "The NRA will start sqwaking , you will get gun owners all over in fear there rights will be taken away. And supposedly knowledgeable men will say this is the price we pay. What a bunch of garbage from a close minded group. Children, teens, people in their 20s, elderly you name it are being killed on a daily basis. I'm so sick of hearing guns don't kill. Really, tell that to the kindergarten children, oh you can't they were killed. How about people at concert, killed again. Especially with an aggressive president like Trump, he lights the fires that burn in haters. He makes hate acceptable. God help us from the gun carrying unstable. ", "We the people allow this!", "It's really pretty simple. Guns are very attractive to cowards. And cowards will never give up their guns. Because they are cowards.", "Things things will not change as long as the NRA has the Republican Party in their pocket", "It is time the NY Times puts up a list of Congressmen with an A rating at the NRA. Time to shame the shills for the gun lobby.", "Time and again, especially after mass shootings, there is a short lived public hyperactive discourse about gun control; in a few days the discourse peters out, NRA and the gun lobby wins, and nothing happens. If anything, more guns are sold immediately following each shooting episode. In the meantime, every year, 36,000 Americans lose their lives as a result of someone firing a gun. How come our politicians are so callous about this grim reality? They cower instead of squarely facing up to the NRA.\n\nCongress, not the NRA,  is responsible for passing laws, including those for limiting gun sales. Yet, the NRA has such a stranglehold on Congress that the latter is impotent for passing any meaningful life saving gun control laws. \n\n36000 people dead every year, yet no Congressional action. What a shame for a democracy.", "This administration and/or the Republicans in congress have demonstrated that they are fail to help improve US healthcare, fail to tax millionaires at the same rate as middle class citizens, fail to protect the nation's air, water, or the world's climate, fail to condemn Nazis and white supremacists while failing to give support to unfairly targeted blacks,  fail to do anything to stop gun violence, and willing give and receive support to Russia as it attacks our democratic institutions and traditions; the Republicans are no longer the \"Party of No\", they are the \"Party of Death to America, and Death to Americans\".", "People use guns to shoot people.  If people did not own guns, they could not shoot people.  Not every gun owner is a hunter or sportsman.  Now, more and more ordinary people own guns to protect themselves from ordinary people who own guns.  Today, people have more rights and freedoms to shoot innocent people at their whim than they have rights to shoot a deer.  People do not need a license for mass murder.  They need a gun.  I don't want a gun.  I want the freedom to live in a violent free society where I can attend a concert, go to a movie, a church, or an elementary school and not be afraid that I will be shot by someone with an automatic weapon, who may not even have any discernible motive other than to kill random people. And if the shooter does have a motive, would I or anyone else be any less dead?   Let's not silence the guns with new legislation. Let's silence the loud lobbyists who stand for the right to bear arms against all the rest of society who supports the right to walk down the street without fear of being hit by a stray bullet.  Hunters can hunt. I don't want to be among the hunted.  I want my government to pass sane legislation to stop the senseless violence. In the mean time, our nation mourns once again.", "OK. So, what should be done?\nMore rigorous background checks seem an obvious step.\nBut even then, the Vegas gunman would likely have passed even the toughest background check.\nI'm afraid the congressman is right.", "We need to face the truth about ourselves; we are a free and violent country, and nothing will change that unless Congress acts and that will not happen.", "A popular pro-gun narrative is that a \"good guy with a gun\" can save the day therefore we need more guns and we need to carry them around. The Las Vegas event clearly shows that this narrative is a myth. Not only nobody carrying a gun could have made any difference here, but someone who was considered a \"good\" guy did the killings.\nMoreover if anybody drew his/her own weapon during the ensuing panic, he/she could have been easily mistaken for being the shooter's accomplice. The bottom line is that we are kidding ourselves thinking guns would protect us - they are mostly killing us.", "My thoughts are that meaningful gun control doesn't stand a prayer.", "I for one am sick and tired of Republicans redefining what is right and wrong in our world. Kneeling before a flag is anti-patriotic according to their moral code and cannot possibly be construed as a protest gesture to spotlight inequality, racism or intolerance. It is verboten to discuss gun control after an American wages personal warefare against hundreds of  his fellow citizens. I guess we are supposed to wait until the Republicans  lift their self-imposed moratorium, What is next?  Perhaps colluding with an enemy is not really treason- according to the new morality- if the collusion was to prevent a Democrat from winning an election.  I think not. Enough is enough.", "on behalf of the washington state congress, i think we need to do more. ASAP.", "The media need to start showing the blood and carnage. They should have shown it for years. and we may have never gotten to this point. We love guns but apparently don't like the ugly things they do to people's bodies. It takes an unflinching look at the reality of gun violence to wake people up, like news coverage of the Vietnam war did. The US govt. learned from that war and now you never actually see the death and carnage we create in other parts of the globe. The gun lobby and their lackey politicians don't want us to ever see the horrific harm their sick products do. They are never going to budge on this issue, ever, so we have to put the truth of what they are responsible for out there.  ", "The bill in Congress right now that allows silencers on gun to be legal will pass.\nCan you even imagine the carnage if the crowd didn't hear the gun shots?", "I wonder when \"thoughts and prayers\" will become \"thinking and acting\".", "Sadly, if nothing changed after Sandy Hook, it's hard to imagine the Las Vegas shooting will precipitate a different reaction. ", "Sadly, I think this is spot on and nothing is going to change. With millions of guns everywhere in this country and thousands more added every day, crazy people are going to have them and use them. Slaughter like this is something that we have chosen to accept.", "The makers of Sudafed just don't have the same power as the gun makers. Guns can be sold over the counter but Sudafed has to be sold under the counter; although I imagine if you go in 'packin' and look funny at the clerk and ask for Sudafed he may quickly hand it to you. And maybe at a gun show you can\npurchase Sudafed as freely as you purchase guns, over the counter---or maybe not. Write you congressman the next time you get the sniffles.", "No turkey, I am not the problem.  You and your associates who sell your should for money to buy votes are the problem.  You and you alone.  Don't blame the nra, as pitiful as it is, blames belongs solely to the people who make the laws.  Quit trying to shift the blame.", "Please lift the NRA ban that prevents the federal government from studying gun violence. Can we just start there? We need to approach gun violence, and mass shootings as a disease and find a solution from that angle. Very, very, very few people become mass murders, they must have something in common. But we can't begin to find a solution until we stop this stupid, meaningless ban. ", "When flamethrowers are outlawed only criminals will have flamethrowers.", "NOTHING will change. NY Times, it's reader, others for real gun control laws, are talking amongst THEMSELVES and reinforcing ideas NO ONE ELSE is hearing. \n\nThere is no dialogue and therefore no legislation. And no one will change their mind on any side. Worst, we are all not shocked anymore, just waiting for the next one to be blasted on the news\u2026. Etc, Etc\u2026...", "\u201cThis American carnage stops right here and stops right now.\u201d\n\nExcept, of course, it does not and will not. Just another Trump lie that people are dying for.\n\nTrump has no thought of gun control, no idea how to stop the carnage. All he has to offer (other than blaming immigrants for everything) is \"God bless you!\"", "Conservatism is the disease that makes these horrific attacks possible. Conservatism is what stops ALL sensible legislation to fight this wanton murder. ", "Another terrible time for America. Yesterday and today everyone is lamenting the senseless loss of life to gun violence. It's our national scourge, as many from other countries rightly point out.\n        Yet consider the events of last week, when NFL players tried to call attention to this very problem by protesting the killing of innocent African-Americans by police departments throughout the country. The point of their protest was buried beneath slanderous criticism and name-calling, even--and most prominently--from our president.  Where were the \"thoughts and prayers\" then? The sympathy for the victims? The outrage of the players took a back seat to talk about their \"ingratitude\" to a society that allows them to earn a living. Of course we're not going to do anything about this problem; we just cry when another shooting happens, as African-Americans have been doing all along.", "Seems like many who oppose gun control because of the Second Amendment forget that it says: \"A WELL REGULATED MILITIA, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.\" We're not even close to this state of affairs.", "Calls for gun control following the Las Vegas massacre are predictable humane responses to the pathetic rampage. But from all the reports so far, the shooter bought his guns after a federal background check. His family and his friends call him an \u201cordinary guy,\u201d with no criminal record. How would stricter background checks have kept him from owning guns? We have politicians, many of them \u201cordinary guys,\u201d urging nuclear war on North Korea, and one \u201cordinary guy\u201d with the power to do so. And there\u2019s no background check on him or them to prevent them using nuclear weapons for greater casualties than the ones in Las Vegas.\nWe need background checks on politicians before letting them decide when to launch our nuclear arsenal.", "As responsible AR-15 owner, hunter, and target shooter, I ask those who call for increased gun control, including the honorable Mr. Israel, exactly what law or added form of gun control do you propose that would have forestalled the Las Vegas crime, Sandy Hook, Columbine, Orlando, etc.?  I already support better background checks, including at gun shows, limits on clip size, etc. but those ideas would not have affected any of these crimes.  Those standard proposals for doing \"something\" would only take guns out of the hands of law abiding purchasers.  No proposal so far would have had any impact on the crime that just occurred - unless you propose taking away existing guns, or outlawing sales of guns that are clearly no more powerful than other guns you would presumably not out law, such as those used for deer hunting.  The term assault weapon is a misnomer - my hunting rifles are far more powerful than my AR's, can fire as fast, and pack a much bigger punch. Again, I ask the question:  What law do you propose that would have impacted the recent atrocities?  Please, hold the background check stuff - all of these people did or would pass any background check - and the proposed post-Sandy Hook legislation did not address a single thing that would have precluded the perpetrator from acting as he did.  Just one law that would have made a difference, and not just assuage your souls, knowing that you did \"something\"?  So say it - what is it that you really want?", "\"Third, the problem is you, the reader. You\u2019ve become inoculated. You\u2019ll read this essay and others like it, and turn the page or click another link. You\u2019ll watch or listen to the news and shake your head, then flip to another channel or another app. This horrific event will recede into our collective memory.\"\n\nNo, I will NOT turn the page or click another link. I have already called my representative to vote against the SHARE bill that would allow gun silencers. I will be calling my state representative and senator about any gun bills in SC to prevent open carry and other travesties that allow people who shouldn't have them to own and carry guns.  \n\nI have already posted on my Facebook page to ask my friends to do likewise.  I have posted articles showing how much gun violence we have had in the past year alone, which according to a NY Times article today is far more than 52.  It's over 500 in the past year alone.  \n\nAnd I won't rest until we have sane gun laws that block all background check loopholes, that prohibit silencers (use ear protectors instead), that make sure that every gun owner must pass gun safety classes, that provide for gun safety measures on every weapon, etc.  \n\nI invite everyone to join me in this effort BEFORE the next massacre.", "\"Third, the problem is you, the reader.\"\nThanks Steve, the best you can do is blame the victims?\nWhat do you suggest we do? New Yorkers can protest all we want, it won't change the politics in Arkansas.\nThe people in Arkansas, they don't care how many Long Islanders are killed by gun violence. They do care about bagging a big buck or moose.\nUnless politicians pay a price for their high gun lobby scores, what will change?\nAsk the people in Arkansas, they care more about their right to hunt than the rights of Americans slaughtered by gun violence.\nUntil the hunters become the hunted, they will not see the wisdom of strict gun laws.", "After Sandy Hook, I now know that nothing will be done to curb gun violence. Mass shootings with assault rifles have become the norm of American life.  I am horrified about all of the killings but Congress and the Nation's people will not act. The carnage from these mass killings need to be on full display...then maybe folks will get it that a right to LIFE is more important than a free for all 2nd Amendment that allows one to have an arsenal of military weaponry at your disposal to use at any time. ", "I am a gun owner. I believe that it needs to be taught that gun ownership comes with a heavy responsibility. I believe that a gun is a tool and a person needs to respect the damage it can inflict. Guns should not be regarded as an extension of someone\u2019s persona any more than someone\u2019s identity comes from owning a shovel.\nI used to believe the old saying \u201cguns don\u2019t kill people, people kill people.\nThis is a lot like saying \u201ccars don\u2019t kill people in an accident, the driver does\u201d. We set up safe guards to insure that excessive and dangerous cars are not allowed on the road and that people who cannot handle the responsibility of car ownership are not allowed to drive.\nTake away the car and they will not kill people with their cars.\nDo you really need a car that goes 250 miles an hour? Do you really need a gun that shoot 9 rounds a second?", "\"A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the People to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.\" ~~ 2nd Amendment, U.S. Constitution\n\nThe 2nd Amendment is clear on the reason for gun ownership--guns are to be used to defend the U.S. against attack.\n\nUnfortunately, in 2008, the Supreme Court nullified the opening phrase of the amendment, and certified that it was the right of the people to keep and bear arms--period.\n\nThis ruling is U.S. law.  Nothing will change on gun ownership unless this law changes.\n\nHunting animals for food in autumn, with hunting rifles, is one thing.  Hunting people is murder.\n\nI would prefer that laws were passed which prevented all possession of firearms.  It works in Europe, where having, loving, and nurturing your weapon is frowned upon, and seen as bizarre.  \n\nI should point out that hunting rifles are permitted during hunting season, but the culture is so strongly against gun violence, any other use would be seen as criminal.  The U.S.'s violent \"cowboy culture\", as it's called here, simply does not exist.\n\nOnly police, specially trained in firearms use, and the military, can use them.\n\nThe problem lies in the U.S.'s \"me, me, me\" culture, with what \"I\" want.   This is emphasized in our Constitution, which supports the individual, not the commonwealth.\n\nI would posit that this mindset is what perpetuates groups like the NRA and its elected succubi. \n\nChanging \"me\" to \"we\" is the first step.", "The 20% of Americans who own guns (and the craven NRA et al) are tyrannizing the rest of us. I don't think this kind of tyranny was what the Framers had in mind when the Second Amendment was proposed.", "You are right, but I can't be heard.", "This train has left the station, it did so years ago when we failed to institute restrictions on the so-called assault weapons. Since the repeal of that act countless thousands have been sold and are being sold today. Actually, just the threat of banning them will increase there sales. I suggest Congress will, at best, nibble around the edge of this issue, passing (at best) legislation that will be meaningless and have virtually no impact on the problem. No, we lost this battle years ago and the proverbial chickens are coming home to roost.", "The phrase, \"the chickens have come home to roost.\" might seem appropriate here but as the Congressman has intimated nothing will be done. Fact is, not enough people died Sunday night. For many, too many are not enough and nothing short of a civil war or Soviet invasion or, I kid you not, a zombie apocalypse, will provide cause to reflect on our nation's gun laws. Quite frankly, I've had it and would prefer if the media would let such events fall soley within the purview of local newspapers and be done with it. By doing so, we outsiders would be saved the frustration of an indifferent legislature and acknowledging that a wide swath of our citizenry is beholden by the charms of gun ownership. Unless these matters fall on my doorstep as they had in the height of New York's crack epidemic, just leave these stories of mass gun violence to those fringes interested in acts of such mayhem. Beyond a few prayer vigils, blood drives and a run or two on votive candles at the local dime store the outcomes of these events are nothing and alas, that's the way most people like it.", "I'm not ignoring it.  I'm on one of Gabby Gifford's and Mark Kelly's boards, comprised of veterans.  We canvas veterans and try and get them to vote sensibly.  The weapons industry's hold on Congress is perhaps the best example of the corporate hold on Congress and the nation.  The people's voice has been silenced.", "If the first part of the sentence is true, then we can regulate firearms.\n\n \"A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.\" \n\nIf you believe the first part of the sentence no longer applies to our country, then the second part has to be negated.   \n\nBoth parts of the second amendment sentence work together.", "There is no reason for civilians to have access to semi-automatic assault weapons or automatic weapons or devices that turn guns into automatic weapons. The only reason this continues is because the gun manufacturers want another market for their products and they have  bought the politicians. Simply limiting access to these weapons of war would go a long way towards saving lives. Is profit really more important than the sanctity of human life? Does the second amendment give citizens the right to mow down fellow citizens with weapons designed for the battlefield?", "I am now convinced that nothing will change until Gun Owners push for change.  Every conversation I've ever had with Gun Owners leads down the same rabbit holes of defensiveness: 2nd Amendment; crooks don't register their guns; it's the mental health system that's broken.  But I would think by now that Gun Owners themselves would be fed up with these tragedies giving them a bad name.  Gun Owners are the ones who need to push for change, because they discount even the most rational of arguments if the argument isn't coming from the mouth of a fellow Gun Owner.  My personal arguments  are for: 1) ban private possession of military grade / automatic weapons; 2) do not let the push for legalizing silencers go another step forward; 3) Registration!  Every sale/purchase of a gun or weapon should be should be registered in a national database, enabling law enforcement to monitor who is stockpiling weapons and ammunition; to allow gun sellers to make sure the weapons they sell are not being sold to those with any kind of record relating to anger/hate/mental health issues; to be able to trace the serial number of a weapon back to its purchaser -- just as can be done with motor vehicles; and 4) a commitment to providing mental health services for those who need them (which would, of course, hinge on the type of health care Congress decides should be offered in the U.S.)\n     But then, I'm not a Gun Owner, so what do I know?", "It is not about the 2nd amendment, it is not about the will of the people, but it is about our representatives in the United States Congress putting what is best for their political futures over what is in the best interest of the people they serve.  The NRA is a powerful organization with money and a score card, and making any changes regarding gun ownership, purchasing a gun, registering a gun, restricting certain weapons, has become a dead issue - it doesn't even make it to the table for discussion, because it is not politically expedient.  I too own a gun, my son hunts, my brother is a police officer, my father served, as did my brother, in the military.  I'm not a tree hugging, liberal snowflake from the east coast  who is against the 2nd amendment, but I'm a citizen who now thinks before I go into a theatre, to a concert, into a church, attend a hockey game, that I'm vulnerable here - we are all vulnerable here.  It didn't use to be that way, and it shouldn't be that way now.  ", "We live in the world of the fake news. This is valid for both the secular and the religious population.\n\nThe most important objective of the faith is to train us how to be independent and self-sufficient. \n\nIf you look at your religious or civil leaders to make the decisions on our behalf, you don\u2019t understand the faith.\n\nThe faithful person always knows what\u2019s right and what\u2019s wrong. The faithful person is always capable of making the correct decisions.\n\nWe only hire the leaders to implement them, not to make them. We reserve those rights for self!\n\nOtherwise we are only the followers like a sheep\u2026\n\nNo faithful person would ever let any clergy persuade us they understand the faith better.\n\nIf they understood the faith better than us, then we would be not faithful at all because the faith was designed with everybody in mind and accessible to the entire humanity.\n\nThe faith trains us to make a clear distinction between right and wrong and between the real and fake news\u2026 ", "To your third point, sir, I have voted for the gun control candidate in every election for the last 40+ years. (Anybody remember John Anderson?) Americans favor sensible gun laws, but our democracy is broken. ", "A majority of US politicians are seemingly apathetic to mass shootings in schools, concert venues and other public areas. What else could cause their impotence in legislating gun control? Would they be as uncaring, I wonder, if  they were the targets of shootings in their federal or state legislatures...", "As I write this, there are 2794 comments that have been written on this article alone.  \n\nIf every one of us called the White House, our Representatives and Senators, that would be quite a show of force.\n\nTo call all 4 takes about ten minutes.", "As an Australian, I join millions of others who are continually baffled by the sheer lack of common sense that seem to govern US policy on gun control. Taking into account all things - from America's obsession with their constitutionally amended right bear arms to their endorsement of violence through popular media - the opposition to gun control measures in the guise of \"freedom\" or \"public safety\" is laughable. If the opponents of gun control measures argue that - somehow - the possession of high-powered firearms somehow makes America safer - where is the evidence for that assertion? How many times has an armed civilian stopped a rampage in their prepared carnage? In how many cases of America's mass shootings has it been an armed civilian, and not law enforcement, who has put an end to the killing? If I'm not mistaken, hardly ever.  If there is any intention of the US electorate to reduce body counts, then reduce the availability of high-powered, assault weapons which hardly fit the \"defence\" rationale promoted by gun-lobbyists. Australia's massacre of 1996 of Port Arthur claimed 35 lives by a mentally unstable white male armed with semi-automatic weapons led to the legislative intervention that the US should have embraced years ago. Many gun-touting Australians also vehemently opposed Parliament, but - 20 years on - we haven't had one mass shooting since. Australia had 13 mass shootings in the former 18 years prior to 1996. Since 1996, we've had zero. Come on America. ", "Fifty-nine people paid with their lives so Congress could not make silences legal. SAD! If they know enough not to loosen gun laws in a time of crisis, why do they proceed to do so in the dark of night? It is no different than poisoning the water supply at night so the people who sell bottled water can profit.", "I don't own a gun and I never will.  This is mainly because I live in a country where guns are scarce and the general opinion is that any form of violence is anti-social and counter-productive.  Another reason that I have learned from travels in more dangerous parts of the world like Africa or the US, is that the best means of defense we have is the human brain or rather common sense which can help us to avoid and handle dangerous situations by remaining calm and thinking clearly.  Carrying a firearm gives one a false sense of security and you make mistakes and take chances an unarmed person would not make. It also misleads you to play God with your life and other's and makes fear part of your life. Until Americans learn to talk to each other again without fear, there will be more mass killings.", "Maybe gun control will be different this time around.  The first skyjackings brought us ID checks, then bag X-rays, then TSA X-rays and body screening as things in the sky escalated.  We have some gun laws, thank goodness, but clearly not enough.  As each mass murder takes place, it has become harder to side with the NRA, and harder as well for the NRA to make its case.  One person can kill 50 now in a matter of a few minutes.  This is much worse than the Boston marathon bombing. And to that bombing, there has been an incredible reaction, most recently in Trump's travel ban.  Surely Congress can get its act together to make country music concerts safer, and maybe even Congressional baseball players will enjoy the freedom to play the game without fear of their own safety.   Then we can watch Batman movies in Colorado, go to Christmas parties in San Bernadino city offices, enjoy a nightclub fling in Orlando, and even have a nice afternoon in a Connecticut Kindergarten knowing that no one is going to burst in and murder us.", "Our Congress, in its zeal to protect citizens, is staffing the \"Hearing Protection Act\" to legalize silencers, so those concertgoers and disco patrons won't be startled by shooting noises. We have the best Congress money can buy. ", "I told my husband last night it will just keep happening.  what a horrible thought, we need sensible gun control or we might as well just leave the flags at half staff all the time.", "I love this nation. I am ashamed of the Republican robots in Congress, who are puppets of the NRA, human dwarfs afraid and lacking the courage of their convictions or interest in the safety of their fellow citizens and children, who cannot speak up out of fear of falling out of line. This is not leadership and tragically my beloved land is being led by such creatures and their leader - the clown from another universe. God save America! God help us all! Is this what the founding fathers and soldiers in wars past fought for???? We cry as a nation that refuses to see and do what is right and what should be done!", "\"Nothing will change after the Las Vegas shooting.\n\nYesterday, I submitted the a comment citing the primary reason the weapons used in this mass murder were developed: to kill people, period.  And to kill in large numbers very quickly.  They are not sport firearms, despite anything the NRA or the manufacturers say.  I then asked if this demonstration of how effective the inventors of the ARs and AKs had been would be enough for action.  I closed with: Past is prologue, and Donald Trump is president.\n\nThe NYT declined to post it.", "To all the  people blaming the NRA...or Congress, or both for the prevalence of guns:  The people who join the NRA vote...and they don't vote for anyone who is anti-gun.  Gun owners across the USA vote...and they vote against anyone who is anti-gun...period.  Both houses of Congress and the White House are controlled by the republicaNRA party.  How did that happen?  They assured the gun owner voters that their guns would be safe regardless of any gun massacres.  Do the anti-gun violence people do anything even close?  Not so you'd notice.  Rant and rave about the NRA and Congress all you want, but unless and until you can match the gun owners with your single minded votes, they will simply ignore you...and any future massacres.  Until you can prove to politicians that they will lose if they don't defy the NRA, you will get nothing but lip service if they give you anything at all.  Sorry.", "So called pro-life Republicans don't care about fully formed men, women and children when it comes to gun violence.  What about our right to live without the fear of being gunned down at any moment?  Enough with your thoughts and prayers.  Do something!", "Your open admission of defeat simply confirms what I have concluded for years.\nThe US Congress is made up of parasitical and corrupt individuals completely cut off from the cares and concerns of the majority of the American population.  One could even view them as the enemy within : how else can one describe a 'governing' body with such a lackadasical attitude towards chronic ultraviolence, ballooning student debt, health care coverage problems, etc?  Don't be surprised whether the Catalans' and Kurds' calls for independence start to gain traction in certain US states or regions fed up with  such a failed political system at the federal level.", "Sadly, yet another mass slaughter of innocent lives in your country just confirms the United States is spiralling out of control. Where else would you find elected representatives who are more interested in their own political self-preservation than in protecting the lives of the citizens who elected them. And where else would you find a nation of voters prepared to accept this with hardly a word in protest? Wake up America before it's too late!", "Talking about guns is like talking to yourself; like sending off your most rational arguments into a black hole in space. It is the oddest feeling. The rabid defenders of a 2nd Amendment interpretation that is anything but clear, are totally irrational. Is it about fundamentalism, capitalism, or preparation for a revolution that at times seems very near? It is also unlikely that people who want to cut healthcare will fund programs to deal with mental illness humanely and effectively. We must continue to speak out though.", " In honor of their lost lives, NOW is the very time to talk about regulation.\n\nFIRST: Ban all assault and semi-automatic weapons.  Period.  SECOND: No purchasing of weapons that kill, on-line or through the mail. THIRD: Background checks cross-referenced with mental health records, criminal records and terrorist watch lists, FOURTH, no concealed weapons; restrictions on hand guns like New York City\u2019s. These must be national to prevent sieves like Chicago's. FIFTH- as we do with cars, marriages and dogs: training, tests, licensing and registration. SIXTH- all guns must be INSURED by owners. SEVENTH-waiting periods, like those we have for abortions. EIGHTH- Gun locks, make it a crime to keep a gun unlocked when minors or mentally ill people are present. NINTH- Smart guns which only fire for the owner.  This technology exists, why is it not required? TENTH\u2014all bullets need to be ID\u2019d, ELEVENTH\u2014US government will only purchase guns from manufacturers who use all current safety regulations, devices and precautions, TWELFTH\u2014a buy-back program for all existing guns. THIRTEENTH\u2014fund gun violence research\u2014release the funding. FOURTEENTH\u2014restrict the number of sales of firearms to individuals to some reasonable number per month/year, thus curtailing the straw purchase pipeline that facilitates the (non-background checked) \"private transfers\" of firearms through which 80% of criminals obtain their weapons, and decreasing the likelihood of stockpiling.\n\nDo it.", "How come people in Australia and Europe arent that worried about having to stand up to tyranny at the cost of so many lives lost to powerful guns? Americans are paraniod. I say use non-violent protest for change. Get over yourselves and grow up and become part of the civilized world.", "Just in case someone else out there is looking to make a big splash on the news, today's local newspaper arrived with a Cabelas ad insert featuring Springfield Armory and Anderson AM15 .223/5.56 NATO semiautomatic tactical rifles at special discounted prices. Get em while supplies last.", "Mass shootings are as American as apple pie, baseball, and hot dogs....very unfortunately so. ", "Israel is right. This is OUR FAULT. We liberals whine and whine, but we never do the hard work necessary to OUTVOTE the NRA puppets by electing more on our side than they elect on theirs. Say what you will, but the hard truth is that the right outhustles and outvotes the left in most elections at all levels in America. Those who work the hardest and get off the couch to actually vote deserve to win, even if I hate what they stand for, and they always WILL win, too.", "We'll need even more guns for the coming civil war between the Trump states and the blue states.  I was for gun control for 50 years, but with Trump in office and Nazis everywhere, I'd like more guns. I don't want the KKK and the Nazis to be the only ones armed.", "To the 435 Congressmen and 100 Senators of the USA:\nSO what is the magic number???\nHow many people will get shot before Congress FINALLY says OK deaths are starting to outweigh the amount of money we get from the NRA?\nHow many civilan shootings (*1,516 mass shootings in 1,735 days so far) will finally tip you into legislative action?????  \n\n2,996 were killed on 9/11 and that brought pretty quick action\n1,719 killed and 6,510 injured so far* by guns in the US.\nSo do we keep going and let the bodies pile up?\nAnd what day CAN we discuss gun control legislation? Since the day after is too soon. But the day before comes too quickly.\n\nWe've had high school kids killed, elementary school kids killed, gay nightclubbers killed, country music concert-goers killed, movie-goers killed, immigrants killed, co-workers killed, Congressmen shot, pedestrians-just-minding-their-own-business killed, toddlers killed, families killed,college kids killed, athletes killed, senior citizens killed, church-goers killed....\n\nWHO ELSE AND HOW MANY MORE NEED TO BE SHOT AND KILLED BEFORE CONGRESS GETS SERIOUS ABOUT GUN CONTROL LEGISLATION????????\n\nSincerely,\nDisgusted\n*The Guardian stats https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/ng-interactive/2017/oct/02/america-m...", "Congress and the President have sold their souls to the devil.  The NRA  pores tons of money into the congress  after the carnage.\n Have your moment  of silence,  lower the flag.  These  are the symbols of a Failed Government. \n\n America America where have you gone???????", "Maybe the NRA will generously sponsor some mass intercessory prayers so that the next group of hapless gun victims get their souls faster to Heaven.", "If you want to see a change in NRA thinking then every African American should join the NRA. Changes will be so rapid your head will spin.", "Time to end the NRA:\n\nhttp://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/keith-olbermann-nra-las-vegas-massac... ", "America will never grow up.\n\nThe most depressing Op-ed I have ever read in the NY Times.", "Being that Mr. Israel has been a congressman since 2001, did he at any time attempt to amend the Constitution regarding the 2nd Amendment? Or was he too busy 2009 thru 2011 passing the ACA? Sitting on the floor of Congress, like a bunch of spoiled brats will not fix this issue. ", "Gun control legislation will move rapidly through Congress:  on  the day some nut case shoots up one of the DC private schools where Republicans send THEIR children.", "What is the matter with this country that we can't even have ban guns or types of guns that are only of use in causing mass casualties. Is that really so hard? ", "All this hyperventilating by the press is counterproductive. Right now, some nut somewhere is imagining he can break and even surpass the new record of 52 victims. Congress will do nothing. Why should they?  The electorate is comfortable, or at least comfortable enough to take no notice of, thousands of gun deaths every year in the commission of crimes, which overwhelmingly affect the poor and marginized, and ignores the deaths of thousands in endless Middle East oil wars, then acts like a bunch of scared hens in a henhouse whenever some nut with a gun decides he wants to go out famous.  Stop running around signaling \"moral\" or \"politically correct\" outrage, which is easy and costs nothing, and accept the fact that we are a violent people in a violent world. Then maybe we can collectively think and come to some kind of appropriate response when something like this happens. ", "If only everyone at the concert has been carrying their assault rifles with them. Welcome to the logic of the NRA.", "It's hard to even comment on your article because you are so right.... a deplorable situation we are in in our country.  Republicans in Congress will yet again disappoint..........................SO SAD.....................", "With 45 only being supported by mainly white people who cling to their guns nothing will happen during his time in office which has already been way too long.  Don Jr. Likes to feel like a man by killing innocent wild game just for sport. Thenow Republican candidate for U.S. Senate pulled a handgun out at his last rally to you know prove he is a man.  The weapons used by the white domestic terrorist are easily purchased and conversion kits are simple to turn them into automatic weapons comparable to the M16a1 I was issued in the military. Our insane Congress was about to deregulate silencers which would probably increased the total murdered. I traveled the world after the Vietnam war and in no other country is this even possible. Why? Because their populations and politicians are capable of common sense. Weapons of war belong in wars not at your local gun show where you can purchase without a background check and. In Las Vegas are almost a perpetual reality. Need human killing machines well just go down to this weeks gun show in. Vegas. Oh and we can now watch as they term this white man a \u201cmonster\u201d or \u201cmentally ill. If the shooter were not a white man what would they. Be saying about the gunmans entire race? Want to know what white privilege looks like ask about Timothy McVeigh the OKC bomber, Dylan Roof who slaughtered African Americans who were praying with him or this Las Vegas shooter. The excuses and for whites don\u2019t end. ", "Last night on CBC Newsworld David Frum said it best. The Republicans have gone over the cliff. The shootings in Las Vegas will change the gun laws. The laws will be made less strict. The shooting will make it easier to make silencers legal.", "I knew after the murders of 20 little children* resulted in zero meaningful action, no other gun atrocity ever would. Why the gun imagined by the framers of the Constitution is considered to be the same as an automatic machine gun I'll never know. Surely if 'separate but equal' could be imagined in connection with racial discrimination & oppression, some smart legal mind out there can figure out how to get a musket classified differently from a weapon that fires projectiles at such a rate that almost 600 people are stricken in under 10 minutes...\n\n(*and their teacher; losing her was as tragic)", "Members of Congress are bought and paid for by the NRA and other big-money interests. These same members of Congress claim to be \"right-to-lifers\" and oppose abortion yet stand by when children are slaughtered at Sandy Hook. They don't have to please the majority of Americans because they know that the majority of Americans will not vote in elections, do not donate millions of dollars to Congressional campaigns, will stand by and accept the slaughter of their fellow citizens, and will forget until the next massacre. This is our \"new normal.\" ", "Yes Mr. Israel, we your readers will likely turn the page or click to the next article. We can't win this battle when the people who spout \"2nd amendment rights\" fail to realize that they are merely dupes of the greedy gun lobby. This has nothing to do with the rights of individuals, and everything to do with the rights of companies (in this case, arms manufacturers, a la Citizens United) to make larger and larger profits. Rather than appealing to the reason of liberals, the NY Times' readership needs to find a way to communicate to the blue collar NRA members that they are being made fun of by the gun lobby. No red-blooded American wants to be seen as a dupe.", "It's pretty apparent that the problem isn't guns, as with so many things, the problem is Republicans! \n\nEven when one of their own, Rep. Scalise, is the victim.\n\nTurn the scoundrels out!", "All the thoughts have been thunk.  The slaughter continues, and like a rising tide, may dip a bit before rising to a new level.  We're not far from having an event where 1,000 people are killed.", "Guns don't kill people, people kill people.  From 400 yards away he could have killed 58 and wounded 500 with a knife.", "For every gun owner who wants some type of change for the better, end your membership in the NRA right now. NOW! If they don't have your money then they cannot buy congress!", "I recommend people contact Rupert Murdoch, owner of Fox News and WSJ and demand his news organizations put pressure on the GOP to act on gun regulation.  Murdoch and the right wing news media alone have the ability to drive change and no one else.  Barring this all advertisers should pull their money from Murdoch owned outlets until action is taken.  Go to the root. Contact or Boycott Murdoch.", "Add this topic to the list that demonstrates that a majority of Congress now works directly against the interests of most Americans and for corporations and powerful lobbies. Gun control; health care; environment; a living wage; and much more. As we become more impoverished and ill, and climate change and environmental degradation worsen our lives and the lives of countless plants and animals, we can add to the list fear of being in public places because we might be gunned down. And I'm sorry, but the Arkansas politicians's argument that because people hunt in Arkansas is a reason to vote no on any form of gun control whatsoever is just plain stupid. Many if not most gun owners support gun control. The founders of this country were rightly suspicious of too much power in one place but they failed to foresee corporations. They supported freedom of speech but failed to foresee the rise of lies dwarfing the truth. We are in the midst of crisis, and the danger is that the playing field is now so tilted that we will all fall off before we can make the rules more fair.", "What do you mean nothing will happen? Half the members in congress will offer there thoughts and prayers, Trump ordered flags flown at half mast, and the discussion will take place at a later date when wounds are healed. Hopeful hah?", "The refusal of the NRA to condemn mass murders such as this in Las Vegas speaks volumes as to it disdain for the value of people's lives. The NRA is satisfied to sacrifice these lives to make certain that their goals are achieved. As Bill O'Reilly just said, murders are the price we must pay to keep the right to bear arms a fundamental right. However, don't ask him to tell that to the families of those slaughtered.", "Quite simply the Congress of the United States through its inaction is supporting and sanctioning the mass murder of the citizens.  ", "I propose we institute a national tax on new gun sales that would fund a \"widows and orphans\" trust used to support the families of victims in future attacks.", "We could of course have universal background checks and a national data base set up to notify somebody when a guy suddenly starts buying a lot of rifles and ammunition--you know, the same kind of out-of-pattern software that shuts your credit card down when somebody starts making weird purchases--but nah. \n\nWhat fun would that provide? \n\nIt's invasive, sure, but creditors and banks and credit agencies and credit protection companies do it all the time. Welcome to the 21st century. \n\nIt's pretty simple to construc a checklist. \n\n1. Live alone?\n2. Socially isolated?\n3. History of domestic violence?\n4. History of crime involving firearms?\n5. History of mental illness?\n6. Abrupt changes in gun and ammo purchases?\n7. Abrupt changes in spending habits?\n8. Male?\n9. Member of extemist organizations?\n10. History of public extremism?\n\nLike I said, naaah. Too prosaic. Cheer up: guns are going to get more and more easy to use and deadly.", "\"This American carnage must stop,\" said Donald Trump in his first moments in office. \n\nWe agree.\nMr. President? Congress?\nDo something about it. Now. ", "What is not given publicity on our news media is that most gun owners want stricter gun safety laws. Many NRA members also. Why doesn't our media find some of these people and get them interviewed on TV? They should be influencing public opinion and our lawmakers. \n\nAmerica is a failed democracy because the public will is ignored in favor of the corporate megadonors to our elections. The gun lobby and it's dependent congress have become a weird cult. \n\nOther countries look at us in amazement. Their citizens have a much greater chance living out their lifespan without being mowed down by bullets in public places. Or shot at home.\n\n Of course other democracies don't turn over their elections to the highest bidder. Their parliaments don't have to enslave themselves to corporate money. Their high courts don't hand down absurd lies as our S. Court did in Citizens United, that big money is 'free speech' protected by the Constitution. \n\nThus we the people are left unprotected----from death by guns and from exploitation by our new American 'aristocracy' calling the shots with milions in campaign money.  The Democrats are already raising big money to beat Trump. How will their policies be limited by these corporate donations? \n\n We the people can't compete. Our democracy dies with each death of the gun shot victims. ", "It is exactly because this cannot be labeled terrorism - domestic terrorism or otherwise - that gun control action is *required*.\n\nThe response of the NRA will be typical - which is - in a heavily armed society we simply have to put up with these things.  Or perhaps - if the hotel staff was more heavily armed than the shooter, they could have put an end to this.\n\nBoth unacceptable.  Both ridiculous.  Utterly - ridiculous.\n\nSome of the performers said that they were staunch 2nd amendment supporters, and some even had concealed weapons permits and were carrying.  This was useless in such a situation.  Utterly, useless.  And imagine what would have happened if an armed group of concert goers - as the NRA would suggest - opened fire in an uncontrolled fusillade toward Mandalay Bay?  What carnage would have been unleashed then?\n\nIf not now, when?  If not us, who?\n\nWhen will we stop accepting what is ridiculous, unacceptable, and immoral, and put a stop to this?", "Please explain to me why automatic weapons are available for sale to the public.  Or to anyone outside of law enforcement.  Our government has failed us.  It is not protecting us.\n\nAnd yes, people kill people.  And people with automatic rifles (note use of plural) can kill a lot more people than people with shotguns or knives.  ", "Pass a law requiring targets at shooting ranges to be pasted with the heads of Congress, the President, VP, and his cabinet officers. Nothing else, just that. \n\nI know that Jeff Flake, who witnessed the Steve Scalise shooting, is too cowardly to propose any legislation not approved by the NRA. Probably Scalise is, too. And the rest of the elected people on that ball field. They need to see images of their heads blown off by \"regular citizens\" at shooting ranges. At least that would make me (not a gun owner) feel better. ", "How do hotel staff walk in and out of a room multiple times and miss 23 weapons?  Are they paid by the NRA to look the other way?  Or does that only apply to Congress?\n\nSeriously, people, wake up. No one needs machine guns for \"protection\".", "I am writing from abroad, and every time we hear/read about a mass shooting our hearts break. They break because we just cannot conceive that in the US it is so easy to buy guns and there is never action against them. The inability of congresspeople to stop the carnage is disgusting, putting the NRA and the gun lobby before people's lives. And there are still too many Americans who share those views, that they have the right to have guns...\nI have very little hope that the US will be able to change, very little", "This is a shocking reality and true. It's more than sad. It's America in the 21st century. We must put the majority to work if things are going to change. Do not vote for your congress person or senator, if they receive money from the NRA. Vote for that person who will support sensible gun contol. We must stop the NRA, the gun lobby, and the small minority who hold the rest of us hostage on the false belief that to support sensible gun regulation is to be against the 2nd Amendment and the Constitution!", "Gun control, health care, and climate change: the three issues that separate the US -- because we are on the wrong side of each of them -- from the rest of the developed world. And because we are on the wrong side of them, untold thousands of people will die -- from shootings, lack of health care, and environmental disasters. They will die because of the long-held retrograde policies of the Republican Party, a party now led by a smirking ignoramus in the White House and a smiling liar in the House of Representatives.\n\nI'm 79 years old, and while I'll continue to do what I can in my personal life and political life to reverse the tide, I've begun to fear for the worst. I'm filled with dread as I contemplate the tenuous future of children and young people in this country and throughout the world. Frankly, I'm glad I won't be around to see where all this may lead.  ", "In no other country do you have an interpretation of basic human rights like you do in America - that it is a right for civilians to carry automatic or semi-automatic concealed weapons in a time of peace. A \u201dwell regulated militia\u201d indeed - how could you do this wilful interpretation of your founding documents? I live in Sweden where game hunting is a big thing - we wouldn't dream of arguing for the right of using weapons of war like semi-automatics just because we're for this lifestyle. It's totally absurd. Is this the dark side of the American exceptionalism? ", "The message that Congress sends to America, when it fails to even consider any gun control legislation after these mass murders:  \"This is the price that society pays in order to uphold the Second Amendment.  Get over it.\"", "There is absolutely no good reason gun ownership to be limited to bolt action, lever action, or single shot shotguns or rifles. If you can\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t kill game with one good shot, stay out of the field.\n\nSemi-automatic and fully automatic weapons were made for one thing and one thing only, killing people. If you want to fire these weapons, you should have to belong to a gun club where the weapon is housed and fired.\n\nAnd yes, yes, crazies can always try to circumvent a law like this, but not easily and the damage cause will probably be a lot less before those wonderful SWAT Teams get on the scene.", "Quite simply, all the politicians who are in the pocket of the NRA are criminals; they aid and abet the crazy people who commit the slaughters of innocents that have become more and more commonplace in this country.\n\nIt is beyond ludicrous that some measures cannot be enacted to control the proliferation of guns, whether background checks at gun shows, keeping guns out of the hands of people with criminal histories or mental problems, preventing manufacturers from enabling people to convert rifles into automatic weapons, whatever. None of these measure would deny the rights of legitimate hunters or target shooters or those who feel a gun gives them some measure of security, from owning guns. \n\nThe \"slippery slope\" argument is ridiculous. Plenty of countries exert some measure of control over the sale and possession of guns without banning them completely. And the democratic countries that have tight control over gun sales have not enslaved their people.  ", "Although Representative Israel underscores the reprehensible moral cowardice of Republican colleagues, who despicably put their selfish re-election calculus cynically ahead of public safety, the Supreme Court is not without blood on its hands either. The Heller and subsequent McDonald conservative-driven decisions, creating an individual's constitutional right to own lethal weaponry despite obvious textual limitations were, unfortunately, not included in this op-Ed piece. Such gun enabling, societal damaging opinions should be brought into the public discussion for vigorous re-examination and comment, particularly as these horrific mass shootings become America's \"new normal\".", "We'll have only a chance to change all Trump and his friends Republicans are doing in America regards all kinds of disgrace acts to support big corporations such as NRA. When the midterm elections come here, we must decide. Vote Democrat and the things will change. That's the only way folks!  ", "Mr Israel,\nA well written piece and you had me until the end when you placed blame on us, the people.  You, and your colleagues, just don't see that the American people have become powerless.  Money from the NRA and Corporations run the country now.  Only when Congress decides to get money out of our elections will things change.  I'm not holding my breath.   ", "Hey most Californians are pro-gun control but as with the presidential election, what good does our vote do? The NRA and their servants in Congress, who are put in by people whose one vote counts more than 60+ California votes call all the shots on this one. Appeal directly to their religious moral higher ground and see if you can shake that mass conscience.  I am pretty sure they would much rather have more mass shootings than give in, of course, this will be done with their hand on their heart as they send out their silence and prayers, praise God and pass out the ammunition!\n\nAnnonymous", "Airplanes crash but millions of people are using them every day.  Cooking knives can kill people but again millions of people are using them every day.  What about guns?  How many people are using guns every day or even once a year? ", "When they wrote the 2nd amendment the only arms that were available were the ones that to load you had to push a stick down the barrel to get the powder in then you had to push the bullet down the barrel so yo could get one shot.\nMaybe the government could specify that automatic and semi-automatic weapons aren't included in this right.", "Nothing will change - as long as enough people want to have and purchase guns. Do you really think the NYT is read by that particular clientele? This article is preaching to the choir. As terrible as this sounds ... given the number of weapons in circulation ... the number of mass shootings is low. The problem with America is not guns, in fact, Trump was right when he said that America is not united. Compared to some other countries, in America everyone is out for themselves, and themselves only. There is no social interest, cohesion, sharing, honesty. It's turbo capitalism at it's finest, and it's only begun to accelerate. You know how many people will outwardly denounce this but inwardly shrug their shoulders because it wasn't their family member who died? There is nothing you can do (yet). 300 million guns vs. 59 people. You do the math.", "So, where was the good guy with the gun who stopped this shooting?\nSilence.\nGun ownership, as manifest in the murderous fantasies of semi- and fully automatic weaponry, is a mental illness in this country.", "Okay.  Enough is enough.  Here's an idea first heard in an episode of \"The West Wing\":  Why don't millions of gun control proponents join the NRA and then vote to shut it down or at least to end all lobbying efforts to making gun ownership easier, less regulated.\nIs this an answer to the horror...", "When did American government become incapable of changing things? Congress can't even phase out the penny and the dollar bill thanks to special interests, so how is it going to deal with daily gun slaughter?\n\nOh, it's when the GOP became the party of \"government doesn't work and we're here to prove it\", abetted by the money from the arms dealer lobbyist NRA.", "\"I used to hope that tragedy would inspire my colleagues in Congress to take action about gun violence. It never does.\"    It might if somebody shot 56 Congressmen.", "So we can get guns anywhere, anytime, but then, when someone shoots people, we want to take away health insurance so people can't get medical care.  ", "My father owned guns.\n\nOne was a 30.06 which he kept at the Rod & Gun Club outside our small town in Michigan.  He bought me a .22 rifle to go with him to learn to shoot..\n\nBut the only time he pulled guns in our house was to terrorize me and my sister and mother ... To wave it around drunk and mad.\n\nNot once in my life was a gun used to threaten an intruder - never had one.  Only me and my sister and mother.  The only terrorist in my life was my dad with a gun.\n\nMultiply that by hundreds of thousands of families and sisters and mothers.  \n\nThen add toddlers that shoot their parents or siblings by mistake, the suicides that had the convenience of a gun.\n\nThen try to tell me about how many times  guns were used effectively in defense of life, country or country music concerts.\n\nI will not stop in this crusade - NRA beware.", "If, as you say, 80 percent of Americans want some reasonable kind of restrictions on the sale of firearms, the U.S. has most certainly ceased to be a democratic nation.  I suspect the truth is a little harder to swallow.  80 percent of Americans may answer in the affirmative when polled about sensible gun laws, but many of them are just lying to protect their public image.  Our history suggests that we have always needed public violence to keep our society in balance.  How else can you explain the popularity of public lynchings in town squares all over the South?  How else can you explain our love of gladiator sports that leave the players brain damaged for life?  How else do you explain mass shootings that take place on average nine out of every ten days?  The promise of the American dream somehow needs the regular murder of innocents to hold it all together.", "I am surprised that the NRA hasn't made a statement to the effect that if someone in the crowd was armed with a Stinger missile, the tragedy could have been avoided.\n\nI'm waiting for Wayne LaPierre to suggest that nothing would have happened had the Housekeeping staff at Mandalay Bay been armed.", "'Nothing will change'\n\nOf course not. A sufficiently large percent of the voting public want to do something; but as their 'representatives' are wholly owned subsidiaries of one\ninterest group or another, nothing beyond the ritual lamentation and call for 'prayer' (maybe you've simply been trying the wrong god?).\n\nNo, dead and injured minors apart, I don't feel anything other than contempt and anger  at the US public. How many of the slaughtered owned firearms of their own? Out of a total of (present count) 58 dead and over 500 injured, I'll bet over half owned guns. I no longer even bother with these reports. Why? IT ISN'T NEWS, FOLKS! |It's the 'American way of life.' Glad I got out when I did, six years ago. Most people in the US have no idea how utterly bizarre they and their 'government' now look to the rest of the wold. The lights have been shot out, on the 'Shining city on a Hill.' Too bad about that. It actually used to be a meaningful beacon of hope. That, in the end, is what you've murdered.", "Huckabee Sanders said now is not the time to talk about gun control.  God forbid.  Do the victims mean nothing?  I cannot believe the sanctity, sainthood and reverential worship placed on gun ownership in this country.", "The GOP fights to the death for the rights to own semi-automatic weapons and fights against the life of citizens to have healthcare.  The US has 5% of the world's population but accounts for 30% of mass murders. The GOP's response is to pray.  When is the GOP going to start being the Lord's helper?  When are the citizens of the US going to demand that the GOP put the life of citizens above the barrel of a gun? ", "I have been the voice crying out in the desert for years regarding gun control.  I vote against any measure to reduce restrictions, I vote against candidates that are opposed to sensible gun control and I vocally oppose movements to allow less restrictive concealed and open carry laws.  But I still see lines of folks (almost 100% white men) at the many large gun shows held here in Tulsa and listen to the good guy/bad guy/gun theory endlessly.  Just this weekend a 16 year old robbed an elderly couple of their gun in a horrible home invasion and sexual assault.  He then took that gun and shot and killed a middle school math teacher in his home in the middle of the day in front of his children and wife.  The good guy with a gun was the means of a bad guy getting a gun.  If nothing changes in our gun laws, our entire society will have to change in terms of freedom of movement and assembly.  We won't need a wall on our borders because everyone is going to be building them around their homes.  ", "\"Violence is as American as cherry pie\". From this tragedy we will see more conspiracy theories emerge than legislation to help prevent the next mass murder.", "All the Gun Control laws I have seen discussed would not have stopped this man.\n\nThere needs to be some logical thought on the topic which is totally absent. This man could be any guy he wanted legally. If you don't understand that then talking about laws is a waste of time and energy.", "Things will never change because the average American gun owner still thinks THEY are immune to gun violence. THEY are too far away. THEIR family members won't get a gun and go berserk. THEIR children won't find the gun and shoot themselves. Of course, all gun owners think THEY'RE the responsible ones.\n\nThe absurd truth is that not enough of these attacks happen for the average gun owner to feel threatened. Or somehow responsible.", "There is currently a bill in Congress to make suppressors (silencers) readily purchasable  like any ordinary gun.  Presently to buy and possess a suppressor requires a time consuming background check, sign off by  your local police and a $200 tax stamp.\nJust think how much more damage the Vegas shooter could have done if his rifle was equipped with a suppressor. The extra time it would have taken for folks to realize shooting was occurring and started running and for the police to locate the shooter.", "It will change folks. When the Republicans and Trump NRA allies finally lose the Congress and Senate seats, in the upcoming mid-elections. That's when the change will take place. You: \"The People\", Vote Democrat in the midterm elections, simple as that! ", "Mr Israel is absolutely correct. Nothing will change. In a country where over a thousand people die per day from the effects of smoking, yet they are more available than guns, is anybody surprised? We are awash in guns because many people think they provide safety and protection, but as last nite shows, none of us are ever safe. The militias and the 2nd amendment types arm themselves for the revolution that never comes while the rest of us wait for the next slaughter that is just around the corner. Like global warming, I guess  the myth of gun violence is just another liberal plot to destroy America. ", "It is noteworthy that the only thing the shooter did that was illegal was use his legally obtained weapons of mass destruction for the purpose they were designed. Banning the ownership of such weapons is a common sens issue no a constitutional issue.", "Why is it that in the aftermath of such horrors, no fingers are pointed at the gun manufacturers themselves?  They are, after all, the good people who pay the NRA to represent their interests (i.e., more sales of guns) in Congress and at local and state governments.\n\nI'd love to see an article (hint, hint) about just who these merchants of death are, and also how it happened that there is a law in the U.S. that shields gun makers from product liability suits.  Yup, you read that right: you can't sue a gun company for damages if someone in your family is killed in a mass murder. Remember the NRA bumper strip: \"Guns don't kill people, people do.\" That appears to be the legal stratagem that has allowed gun makers to escape any responsibility for their weapons.\n\nI'm going to use this comment space from now on to post my own bumper strip, one that applies not just to gun control, but also to health care reform, tax reform, environmental protections and just about anything else that is under duress in 21st Century America (feel free to borrow):\n\nWE CAN DO BETTER. WE MUST DO BETTER", "I'm not inoculated. I'm exhausted. I'm worn down buy debates that go nowhere.  Fact-based, reasonable arguments fall on deaf ears.  Moving the needle with just one pro-gun person has been impossible.  Frankly, if a lunatic murdering 20 six-year-olds can't change the debate, nothing will. I'm tapping out.", "Call me a pessimist, because I am. You can have the strictest gun and ammunition control, you can have laws, but a sick and angry man will find a way to kill. What I have been advocating will never happen. I say don't publish the gory details. The media should have an agreement to deprive the killer from his/her 15 minutes of fame. Yes. yes. I know the public has a right to know and it sells paper, but if he knows, that his name will not make headlines, maybe the act will not seem that attractive. ", "This may sound off-topic, but there's no way to get from here to there without Congressional term limits. There's no point in talking about what Congress should do. As long as they're thinking about the next election, they won't do it. We know that.\n\nIt's not assault rifles, it's not the NRA, it's not background checks, gun shows, or even the Supreme Court - though DC v. Heller is in insult to Americans and to the court. \n\nTerm limits, folks. The rest is dinner table debate.", "When op-ed columnist offers a list of \"we've got to to something\" proposals and writes: \"Limit gun purchases by any one person to no more than, say, two a month,\" I would have to agree with Steven Israel's pessimism. It's easy math: 12 months, 24 guns. How would that help to prevent another mass shooting on the scale of the one we just witnessed in Las Vegas? ", "Here is what will probably happen.\nIn a strange, twisted way, this will be projected as \"another attempt by liberals to take away guns\"\nAll comments by liberal leaders will be carefully edited to show apathy to guns, in future 2018 campaigns.\nVegas City PR teams will blitz and erase the memory of this, by the most attractive ads, offers, and \"position this like; it never even happened.  ", "This slaughter was perpetrated by a person who had no conscience. No inner voice that spoke to him, saying \"Thou Shalt Not.\" Our society ridicules the rustic notion of a higher authority to whom we must someday answer. The \"sophisticated\" people, the brilliant elite that controls our culture, live their splendid lives without anything so restricting as religion or morality. Such notions are swallowed only by gullible hillbillys. Our schools are devoid of any moral lessons; nothing should ever be judgmental; there is no good or bad. We are paying a price for our failure.", "It's unnecessary and incorrect to tell the reader mass shootings are their fault.  It's certainly not my fault.  I'd rethink the presentation of that portion of your message.", "Guns and healthcare: two persistent American problems that have been successfully solved virtually everywhere else in the civilized world.", "The worst weapon of destruction is probably fear. The NRA supporters fear for their lives and their lifestyle so much that they want their guns at all cost. Some probably own automatic weapons just in case. They will never change their minds unless it happens to them and their guns become useless in the times of as actual need to protect themselves. They think they are the good guys until the police kills them after they turned crazy. I think anyone with guns has a potential to change into a killer because anyone can become crazy and violent. Any crazy person can fake being normal if they have enough self awareness. And yes, I'm going to assume that until majority of the gun owners willingly give up their weapons (the military grade ones but rifles can kill too) nothing will really change. Until majority of actual gun owners demand gun control and stand up against the gun lobby, nothing will change. And I don't think this country has had enough gun violence yet to change their minds. ", "Congressman Israel, please write and submit legislation to establish the \"well-regulated militia\" that the Second Amendment stipulates BEFORE stating that \"the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed\".  Had Stephen Paddock been \"well regulated\", this would have not happened.", "There is always a basic contradiction in our behavior. \n\nRegarding the shooting in Las Vegas there are two opposing camps. One of them would control the gun manufacturers. The other would control the entertainment industry that incites the violence, the egocentrism, pleasing of our every whim and the crooked system of values.\n\nTo prevent the massacres we have to control both the guns and the entertainment industry. The latter simultaneously demands the unconditional freedom of speech and the legal protection for their copyrights.\n\nIf they are free to say whatever they are pleased then we should allowed to replicate whatever they created or made for free too\u2026\n\nIf we cannot use their work freely, then they are directly responsible for the content of it in front of our judicial system.\n\nSomebody should be responsible for those bloody carnages, both the gun manufacturers and those who aim to shock our minds in order to sell their \u201cartistic work\u201d.\n\nAnything illegal or insulting in the movies or the songs should avoid any copyright protection\u2026\n\nIsn\u2019t the freedom to share their wok freely the ultimate goal of real artists?\n\nIf they are in it for the profits they are just the businesspeople directly responsible for the content of their products.\n\nThe entertainment sector cannot have it both ways - the ultimate freedom and the complete protection from the legal consequences for their promotion of the criminal behavior\u2026", "Until lobbying money - specifically, NRA money - gets out of Washington, nothing will change.  It will only get worse.    ", "\"And the world will be better for this,\nThat one man, scorned and covered with scars,\nStill strove with his last ounce of courage...\"\n\nIt is the fate of the visionaries to be well thrashed- fight Mr. Israel, fight-\nsomeone young may be inspired", "This is our old/new mantra: Here today, gone tomorrow.", "Battle for Falluja: 95 killed, 560 wounded\nLas Vegas: 59 killed, 520 wounded\n\nThe NYTimes notes that: Since Orlando, at least 585 people have been killed and 2,156 have been injured in mass shootings.\n\nAmericans are being defeated by the gun lobby and our do-nothing Congress continues to do-nothing, paralyzed by the threat of an NRA 'score'. Children at school, movie goers, shoppers, even congressmen/congresswomen murdered and wounded, yet the congress cowers in fear over their NRA score. Perhaps people should stop showing up at schools, malls, and other venues. Maybe congress' fear of a failing economy can overcome their fear of the NRA. ", "It never ceases to amaze me that a right-wing lobby like the NRA can continue to hold this country hostage to repeated acts of violence, then proclaim  that the appropriate response is more guns.  Can the NRA be investigated for aiding and abetting domestic terrorism?", "Lay the bodies in front of the NRA and GOP, at the door steps of the offices of McConnell and Ryan. Whether it is failing to protect citizens from gun violence or jeopardizing their health care coverage, the GOP demonstrates time and again it is NOT the party of the people - it is the party of RICH donors.\nMcConnell, the GOP and the NRA  have caused more harm to the USA than the ISIS terrorists ever have or ever will.  ", "Look at the money the NRA is pumping into the Republican Party.  That is the price for all those who lose their lives due to gun violence.  When you divide it all up, American lives are worth very little to Congress.", "I suspect you're right Mr. Israel though I dare to dream Trump may accomplish one decent thing and ban assault weapons.We've unfortunately seen him sign into law a bill moving in the opposite direction. If a group of six-year-olds gunned down in school (in an affluent white Connecticut town) and Congressmen shot at a ball game doesn't prompt action what will?", "Sadly you're right, but maybe it's time to debunk the \"hero myth\" embedded in the conceal/carry movement. No able bodied \"carrier\" would have a chance to intervene when the perp is raining machine gun fire onto a crowd from a locked hotel room 400 yards away. ", "From this distance the urge to sympathise lessens with every shooting and the follow on of (a) moments of silence, (b) rote and platitudinous expressions of sorrow; and (c) the complete absence of any remedial action whatsoever. Current idiom in this part of the world includes exclaiming  \u201cYeh, right\u201d when someone speaks of something that will never happen. Gun reform? Yeh, right.", "You are absolutely right on every count.\n\nI'm sick of the argument that I hear over and over, \"it's people who kill, not guns.\"  Well, we've made it really easy to kill.", "It's just hard to believe that for so many members of congress keeping their jobs trumps any logic or moral responsibility, are these people capable of getting other jobs?  Hunting, target shooting, self defense, okay.  Why military grade weapons?  These are only intended to kill a lot of people quickly, no skill required.  Ir's a shame and an embarrassment that we allow this to continue. ", "It is almost impossible to grasp the horror and desperation of those thousands of people scurrying about like moving targets in an old time shooting gallery as shoots poured down incessantly and  victims fell one by one all around them.  There really are no words of grief that can sooth the soul or make sense of any of it.\n\nEarly reports suggest we may never fully understand what motivated the shooters clearly intentional and pre-meditated carnage.  I'm embarrassed to say that among my own thoughts, I am at least thankful he apparently wasn't a Muslim; he wasn't black; he wasn't a Jew; a Democrat, a Liberal; Hispanic, a Woman, he wasn't Gay.  He wasn't even a Republican.\n\nFor that matter the shooter apparently wasn't really anyone or any clearly identifiable group that the rest of us could now blame, as is our tendency in these particularly charged and divisive times.  In a sense, by not being anyone in particular he is everyone; he is any one of us; he is all of us.\n\nSome will no doubt see this tragedy as an unavoidable random act of violence by a deranged mass murdered with nothing more to be said or done.  Others will see it as bugle call to action even if the action is elusive or its value questionable.\n\nI see it as neither and both.  I see it as a call to each and every one of us to look inside ourselves and ask what kind of nation do we want to be; what kind of world we want to live in; and are we each doing enough to get there.  \n\nIt seems not.", "Mr. Israel, many, many Americans are NOT complacent. Like many issues, we are shocked and dismayed by the callousness of the NRA and those in Congress. We have tried for years to find some common ground\u2014some place we could start building rational and common sense laws that address gun violence. Not until legislators stop worrying about their re-election and start working for all the American people will be get anywhere. Here's a poster I did many violent deaths ago about this: https://flic.kr/p/ecwBGf", "An outstanding piece!  I wonder why Mr. Israel does not write a book, detailing both the occasional carnage incidents as well as the regular killing in cities every week, rather than a novel about violence.", "Until we stop politicizing this issue, people will continue to be killed by guns, as that is what they are designed to do.  \n\nInstead we need to MEDICALIZE it: we need to think about who is hurt, or suffers or who is killed because of guns.  Guns are designed to kill.  And sometimes, because of what their intended purpose is, someone will be killed.  \n\nAnd in the haze of that battle over gun safety laws, somewhere we succumb to the fallacy of Either - Or.  But it's just that: a fallacy.  We *can* have both gun safety/control AND allow people to hunt/collect/use guns for sport.  It's not one or the other.  Can someone tell me why can't we have both?\n\nThank you Representative Israel, for saying what is obvious.  Congress needs to act, the local legislatures need to act, we need to act: medicalize this issue! ", "Same old story.  Close to election time the GOP will remind us that Democrats are in league with terrorists, disrespect the flag, insult the military, wage class warfare, attack Santa Claus, etc. etc. to drown out gun control.\nDo these tragedies need to happen a day before an election before people are affected?", "It's becoming more apparent that we have evolved into a morally devoid society, where power and profit have taken dominance over ethics and humanity. The majority of citizens who are angered and sickened by the daily onslaught of reprehensible behavior, either emanating from our president or the governing party that holds us hostage to their self-serving goals, have few options to stop this madness. Mr Israel, we will continue to turn the page, fearfully anticipating more ethical carnage and destruction because at the moment, the Administration and Republicans are the authors and editors who are determined to command their chapter in history - regardless of the cost to the rest of this country. They have us by the throat.", "Nothing will change because the Congress is run and dominated by lawyers and this is known as the U.S. legal caste.  Late American newspaper publisher Edward Scripps wrote \"If there is such a thing as true freedom and democracy then the road to that goal lies over and through the ruin and annihilation of the legal caste.\"", "Excuse my intrusion as I live in a different country. I am not correct that it was until 1992 that the supreme court changed the interpretation of your 2nd amendment rights.\n  In my opinion that change has effected the whole world. American gun companies now supply drug cartels, Canadian gangs and even are now supplying Europe via the internet.\n  Gun activists are like Lemmings ..every time someone hints that guns will be taken away...they the gun companies pump up the rhetoric...and sell more guns..so is it all about MONEY?\n  Hey keep your guns...please leave the rest of the world alone..", "Is it too cynical to ask : How much of the \"Defense\" Department budget would be needed to buy up all the guns in America whose owners want to sell, perhaps because they could use a few dollars for food, or booze, or the monthly rent, or a new TV, or ... something more useful than a gun stuck in a closet for years ?", "It is insane that these types of weapons are available. I am not for banning guns but we have to be reasonable. Nobody needs an automatic rifle, nor do they need a handgun with a 40 shot clip. What we have is insanity and not one politician, much less a sitting president is going to stand and say we need to control these weapons. They are gutless when it comes to the NRA and the gun lobby.", "I see the US, on this issue at least, as divided into 2 groups: the rationals and the lunatics. The former, supposedly a substantial majority, want some level of gun control. The latter, Trump's \"second amendment people,\" have unconditional, unqualified love of guns.\nIt's unrealistic to expect a politician to commit political suicide. The real reason gun control never happens is not that readers are inoculated. It's that the rationals are not one-issue voters.\nSo to the supposed 80% who favor some gun control, forget about every other issue and vote that way! It can happen, but the power is in YOUR hands, not the NRA's, not those of your politicians.\nOr, alternatively, put gun control on the back burner and vote for tax cuts, or for reduced regulation, or for small government. But along with doing that, you must admit to yourself that you have just done your part in perpetuating unbridled gun ownership and mass shootings.", "Most Americans favor sensible regulations, such as background checks.  Yet, \"the swamp\" blocks it.\nDo you know what the swamp is?  It's the NRA dictating policy because politicians feel beholden to them.", "Nothing will happen to curb the plague of guns until we throw every last Guns and Oil Party politician out on the street.  Their corruption, ignorance, and polarizing actions are destroying our country.  They play to the fears of their constituents, take bribes from industry, and offer nothing in return to our democracy.  How have they been able to get away with this?  Basically, three reasons: the endless flow of fossil fuel industry cash (Koch brothers being just one source), NRA money and influence, and Fox News, the Guns and Oil Party news network.  The current crop of degenerates in the GOP must be flushed from the U.S. political system and replaced by moderates, or our future will be bleak.", "They hate \"regulations\" even though that very word appears in the 2nd Amendment -- but then, of course, that refers to \"well regulated militias,\" whereas the NRA and their congressional collaborators are sticking up for the \"real\" men who want to turn the country into a Free Fire Zone.  I don't see anyone stopping them really.  Do you?", "Ho hum.  Another football weekend.  Alabama #1 again.  Another mass shooting.  CTE and kneeling are big football issues.  Redskins fade in second half leaving KC the only undefeated NFL team.  Another mass shooting.  Patriots starting slow.  \n\nGovernment officials ask America not to politicize the Las Vegas tragedy by mentioning gun control.  Not OK to politicize hurricanes (climate change).  Inadequate San Juan mayor and PR  recovery efforts ok to politicize but not guns.  The victims and their families certainly won't feel better knowing the shooter had 23  guns, some automatic.  The president utters a scripted homily and not once mentions guns.  Even Trump can talk about God and compassion when he's scripted.  Did I say Alabama is undefeated and ranked #1?\n\nAmerican exceptionalism doesn't feel so good.   Getting concussed by mass murder regularly is not good for one's head.  But that's ok.  Congress is in thrall to the NRA and even though a majority of Americans want more gun control it won't happen.   Clemson is ranked #2.  The Eagles are 3-1 and the Giants have yet to win a game.\n\nSo if we're not going to do anything about the 300+ million guns in circulation and US gun laws why worry about mass shootings and 30,000 dead from guns every year?  \n\nGuns are ok and this we know\nCuz Congress and the NRA say its so..\nJesus loves little children and guns apparently\nDid I mention Alabama is #1?", "This editorial is hysterical nonsense.\n\nPeople who are driven to kill, for whatever reason, will find a way to do it, as even a superficial reading of the headlines over the last year will demonstrate.  Remember Nice, France?  \n\nAs for the Constitution, it is based upon the Enlightenment concept of natural law, one element of which is that everyone, by virtue of their existence, has a right to meaningful self defense.  Just as with the freedoms of speech, conscience and association, it is an inalienable right, not one the government grants.\n\nBanning guns in the UK and Australia didn't change murder or suicide rates, nor mass killings.  But don't let those inconvenient facts get in the way.", "Our Congress - Of the People, by the People, for the People.... These privileged few care only for re-election to inflate their egos and their bank accounts. There are exceptions: Wyden, McCain, Sanders, McCaskill, and a few others. But most of the true servants have, or are retiring because of the rampant corruption from K Street and reinforcement from the Supreme Court. This country is owned by Special Interests. \n\nLower the flags, give ad hominem speeches but quietly collect contributions from the NRA. Nothing will come of this unless the citizens of this country demand a change. They won't, so rinse and repeat.\n\nThink about this: How many people would have to die for this country to rise up and say no more? Sandy Hook - (26) children no less, no. Orlando, Fl.(49), no, they were gay so who cares. Blacksburg (32), no. Killeen (19), no. Would a 100 deaths be enough? How about 1000? What about 10,000? \n\nI am willing to bet that it would have to be more than 50,000 in multiple States as one coordinated instance for this country to wake up and put aside trivial differences that both politicians and media have been playing on for decades. ", "Steve, you were a representative in Congress and you saw first hand the difficulty in getting anything past the gun lobby.  So how do you expect a ground swell of voters to raise up and accomplish anything against a political entrenchment like nothing else? Stopping the gun lobby without political forbearance from Congress is a ludicrous dream.  ", "The 2nd amendment was designed by our founding fathers to enable families to hunt and protect their homes. In their wildest imaginations they never envisioned these weapons being used for indiscriminate killing.  Their is a place in America for firearms but simply saying it is my right to own a gun is totally wrong.  How many more people must die senselessly before our representatives are willing to stand up to the NRA and enact sensible gun control?  Just give me a number.", "The state of Nevada is considered to be a \"swing state\" for election purposes.\nIf this tragic event does not drive their voters to the polls to vote as Democrats - for strong gun control measures -  then what will so motivate them escapes me.\n\nGet your act together Nevada voters and squash the GOP before their failure to support gun and ammunition control puts us all on a firing line, somewhere or other and sooner or later.\n\nThe GOP is wedded to the NRA and gives them misguided obeisance without letup.\nTheir nonsensical reasoning for their misguided support of NRA murderer enablers defies common sense, decency, and a basic regard for human life.\n\nLet this event in Nevada be a wake-up call for effective Congressional legislation to stop the NRA in its tracks.\nConnecticut Senator Chris Murphy will lead the way ..... and for good reason.", "If congress couldn't act after Sandy Hook during the Obama administration, why would anyone even try during Trump's? Sadly, making gun laws more lax would be easier.", "Tyranny of the minority.  That's what this is.  A minority that votes against public safety for fear of the safety of their re-election.  Let's hope the SC does it's job and puts the breaks on gerrymandering...that will help.  The other thing that will help is that people should vote these creeps out of office.  They are sacrificing our safety and well being for their own hide.  ", "\"It is not possible for us to reduce the value of life, including human life, to nothing only to suit our own convenience or our own perceived need. By making this reduction for ourselves, we make it for everybody and anybody, even for our enemies, even for the maniacs whose enemies are schoolchildren or spectators at a marathon.\nWe forget also that violence is so securely founded among us\u2014 in war, in forms of land use, in various methods of economic \u201cgrowth\u201d and \u201cdevelopment\u201d\u2014 because it is immensely profitable. People do not become wealthy by treating one another or the world kindly and with respect. Do we not need to remember this? Do we have a single eminent leader who would dare to remind us?\"\n\n- Wendell Berry", "I can't understand why this keeps happening. After all, the senators and representatives who take campaign contributions from the NRA keep praying for us, after each horrific mass shooting. Perhaps we'll have to vote them out of office in search of new legislators whose prayers may be more effective.", "1: This really is ridiculous.  Laughable.\nWe 'call upon' Saudi Arabia to let women drive, when that is more deeply embedded in 'their culture'; that did harm, but less than the dozens of lives cut short by guns.   We declare foreign organizations which do less harm as terrorist.   The NRA and all others who insist on unfettered access to weapons of war are no less terrorists than many in the Middle East and Asia.\n\n2: We will now see copycat murders by those who have had enough of life.  This fellow was supposedly 'rich' but maybe he was so deeply in debt that he had to avenge the losses on the city where he went under.\n\n3: The congressman who said - \"I can\u2019t do that. In my district, we close schools on the first day of hunting season.\u201d  Really has tp grow some. What if they declared an end to hunting season - i.e. every day was hunting season. ", "Want change? Vote out the current Senators and congressman who support the NRA and who are supported by the NRA. Start with McConnell and Ryan and work your way down. It's clear that this Congress will offer their thoughts and prayers and look pained in front of the TV whenever there's a shooting. But they will do nothing that will turn the tide. Until there is a grassroots efforts to throw out legislators who are beholden to the NRA, you can expect more of these massacres. The NRA is powerful but not invincible. ", "Can someone explain to me why opioid use is a crisis but gun use is not a crisis?", "Of course \"...nothing ever gets done in Congress...\" re. gun control. Follow the money. The gun industry per their mother of all lobbies, the narly NRA, owns the Congress. They are the Donor State of the United States -- The Ultimate Enablers of the 2nd Amendment.\nSo, while the Country is transfixed by the latest horror, while the elected officers who are in their \"safe districts\" throw out their morsels of shock offering the electorate \"condolences, thoughts, and prayers\" and who insist on refusing to discuss what continues to hover over the body politic, they can only offer an inconvenient falsehood: \"...this is not the time to discuss gun policy\".\nThis is the Republican Party, warts and all.", "I do not own a gun. the second amendment of our constitution gives every american the right to own a gun. I do not dispute this right nor argue against this right. My only arguement is against the right of any american to own assualt weapons. these weapons are not for hunting unless you plan to hunt for other human beings. Only the police and military should have the right to possess assualt weapons. I beleive that Americans can protect themselves with pistols and shotguns and can hunt with shotguns and hunting rifles. Who in his right mind needs to hunt or protect him or herself with an assualt type waepon? I think the NRA and Congress need to ask themselves that exact question. Support the second amendment, but support it logically.", "This is exactly the reaction the NRA wants from the public; apathy.  What if we started a movement and say that the NRA is a terrorist group supporting the murder of Americans in our cities? People can have their guns for hunting, but hunting takes place in the wild, not in cities.  These also are not just guns, they are military weapons.  We need a well-respected general to lead this movement to stop warfare in our cities.", "One thing we Americans do very well - put on a great show! And a great show every time there is a tragedy of epic proportions. What use are empathetic words, flags at half-staff, candle-light vigils and the topic of every discussion and talk-show to show solidarity with the people who have lost their loved ones? After a week the show ends - until another tragedy. Our legislators go back to work, doing nothing except following the bidding of the NRA. Oh, those huge crocodile tears from those crocodile eyes with snapping deadly jaws. Frustrating!!", "If it's not guns, it's vehicles plowing into people, homemade bombs, knives, or poison.  If people are determined to do harm to others, outside of them being overt, there's little that can be done to stop them.  Guns just so happen to be the weapon of choice.  Not until we learn how to change peoples values will we ever stop the killing.  Gun control is akin to killing the messenger.", "If Americans are sufficiently disturbed by the endless carnage caused by these mass shootings, they will stop electing candidates that have been bought and paid for by the NRA and similar lobbies.  I must conclude that their endorsement of these candidates reflects their belief that the victims of mass shootings are a small price to pay, collateral damage, let's say, for their ability to own as many guns as they want.  The outrage rings false.", "This and Trump has the nuclear codes. These are dark days for this country.", "Trump is right about \"this American Carnage\" ; it is up to him to bring pressure on congress to pass sensible gun laws , but I won't hold my breath . The gun lobby needs to be made responsible for all the deaths of mass shootings, in a sensible America that would be possible. However as much as the rest of us   deplore and mourn these deaths , we have become inured. As long as we are not affected personally we just sit back , move on and continue to watch this \"American Carnage \", alas there are no tears left except in those who have lost someone to these mass murders.", "The only way sensible gun control (background checks, mentally ill persons prohibition, national register, silencer ban) will be when the politicians who are owned by the NRA are voted out of office.  Most people want sensible gun control so one of the first things one should check before voting for someone is how the NRA rates them.  Until the bent politicians are voted out we can't be sure we will be safe anywhere in the country.  I came under fire from a crazy person while working in the Fairbanks Police Dept., many years ago, and I still have the memory of that horror and always will.  All the people who were at the concert in Las Vegas will have this awful memory etched in their brains for the rest of their lives and the relatives of the murdered ones will suffer unspeakable pain.  We must not forget this terror and make it our mission to change things in this violent country.         ", "Regrettably, even in this forum, I see a lot of hand-wringing over a lack of national response to take policy actions to bend the curve of gun violence down.\n\nEnough talk!\n\nWhere are the progressive leaders? Where are the wealthy progressives that should bring resources to a call to action to challenge the NRA?  It is in your interest to do so as a safer society is in your, and everyones, interest. Including the NRA if they would take their short sighted blinders off.\n\nPlease dont tell me we cannot do anything about this horrific envoronment .  Please, someone, anyone, start an un-NRA movement.\n\nI am a Vietnam infantry veteran- I know all too well  that this kind of carnage can only be acheivd by a single shooter because he has military like weapons meant to kill.  This is not a second amendment issue. It is an issue to call us all to action in honor of the sanctity of the human spirit and our founding principles of  liberty for all- not just for the NRA. ", "We have become the most violent, free country in the world. Maybe capitalism isn't the answer, after all?", "It's time for producers of pop and country to join with mall owners and sport leagues to lobby for sensible gun laws. It's now clear that anywhere people congregate in large numbers that terrorists and mentally deranged individuals may be planning a horrific attack on these venues.\n\nOrdinary people react to fear and the profits of owners of the se venues will shrink unless efforts are made to assure concert goers, attendees at sporting event, shoppers and church goers will tend to stay home.\n\nThese owners, impresarios, producers and ranking clerics better start lobbying for demilitarizing their venues or they're going feel the pain too.\n\nMarket forces are beginning to be put in play. No one to be shot  while simply having a good time with a crowd.\n\nGet pushing these pols; they'll respond to enough heat.", "Legally divide the United States.  States that want proper gun restrictions, universal healthcare, reduction in fossil fuels, etc form your own independent nation.\n\nLet the states who want to regulate bathrooms, deny climate change, no abortions and other laws form their own nation.\n\nI'm saying this as a retired military officer.  Let's stop pretending to be one nation under God!", "Wrong.  I have watched in horror at these atrocities and called Kay Granger, Ted Cruz and John Cornyn, the elected Congressional delegation from my district, to ask for common sense gun reform.  I could almost hear the laughter in the background.\n\nRight to life, my \"elbow\".", "Gun violence needs a solution. It would be a great first step if all newspapers ( print,and online) would print the total number of automatic weapons purchased by zip codes in their respective areas. Maybe we need to scare residents of communities with real facts to get them to take action, demanding their politicians take action. Start with automatic weapons.  ", "Which branch of politics as citizens should we turn to? Executive? Well, our President will do something, say if he doesn't go after baseball players next; Legislative? They are too busy preparing reforms that they cannot/won't pass; Judicial? When party affiliation gets into the highest judicial system inevitably inefficiency occurs in using the finest legal minds. Our forefathers did not intend people of America to die through second amendment. Enough is enough, it is high time to amend the second amendment!", "Great perspective in this column - those entrusted with power and leadership turn to those who handed them the keys to save them from their own folly and corruption. More thoughts and prayers from the feckless in DC. Love you guys.\n\nHere\u2019s a question for the well-heeled in the media. You are selling this media show to the public. Can you at least have the guts to use language properly? Stop describing these people as \u201cgunmen\u201d. You hand the NRA and the rest of the gun lobby immense power with that one word. A \u201cgunman\u201d is just another guy with a gun. And this is why gun owners in this country stand with them, denying their own exposure to death and mayhem in the process. \n\nThese people are \u201cterrorists\u201d. Period. The state in which this latest attack was committed defines terrorism this way: \u201c'Act of terrorism' means any act that involves the use or attempted use of sabotage, coercion or violence which is intended to cause great bodily harm or death to the general population.\u201d The quote is from Newsweek. \n\nYes, I know that there are other legal definitions of terrorism. Definitions that require a political motive for the attack. But in the end all politics is personal. The guy pointing the gun at you will always be on the other side, not on your side. In his mind, he will be doing the right thing by blowing you to bits. That makes him a terrorist. Not just another guy with a gun.", "Why does any American need to have an assault rifle?  an automatic rifle? Does a mentally ill citizen really need to be able to buy a gun?  We need to fix this, but I have said this over and over.  When Trump spoke after the massacre, I could mouth the words, heard it all before.  \n\nAnd yet a complete stranger stayed with Jordan so he did not die alone, in the street.  That stranger stayed there until family could get to his body.  That stranger cared and cradled him as he died, shot like fish in a barrel. \n\nThat we let Americans be shot like target practice says something horrifying about us. ", "We may not yet be a failed state, but we are certainly becoming one. What is a \u201cfailed state\u201d you ask? It is a state whose primary function \u2013 that of protecting the health, welfare, and basic safety of its citizens, has been or is in the process of being abandoned. Guns are only one element of the process. Limiting the effectiveness of EPA, FDA, CDC, NIH and other similar alphabet agencies is another element. Persistently attempting to destroy the ACA (or limit its funding) is another one. Attempting to undercut labor and employment regulations, anti-discrimination regulations, and all manner of \u201csocial safety net\u201d regulations is yet another. All of this is occurring as Trump and his nasty little minions proposes a budget that hands billions to the one percent and devastates everyone else. I don\u2019t care what your politics are, but anyone with a pulse, a brain, and a cursory knowledge of world history knows EXACTLY where we are heading  - and it is not a good place.", "Flags at half mast? A moment of silence? Thoughts and prayers? Nonsense.\nWe should be celebrating. Cheering. Toasting Stephen Paddock for have the courage to exercise his 2nd amendment right. Perhaps the NRA can lobby for a national holiday in his honor. \n\nThe politicians who refuse to stop selling insane weapons to insane people to use to do insane things have no right to act sad, distraught, troubled \u2013  and certainly not surprised. If you sold someone a cup of coffee would you be surprised if they drank it? If you sell someone a gun (or 40+) you can't be surprised when he shoots it.", "If the massacre of children in Newtown did not catalyze change to our misguided gun-ownership laws...with a heavy heart, I have to agree with Mr. Israel. I am sorry for every person's loss and my heart hurts extra for the Sandy Hook parents who have to re-live their losses even more intensely after events like this. I just cannot imagine the feelings, but I want to try. Life is cruel enough without this NRA-made cruelty being added to daily life in the US.", "The Las Vegas massacre is a domestic terrorism.  Now people will be worried to go to concerts or any crowded place.  NRA and those who strongly oppose strict gun control and universal background check are accomplices indirectly or unwillingly.  Just how many senseless deaths will convince these people who hold onto their gun right to realize that we need much better gun control?   My outrage has turn into despair!", "I'm glad Mr. Israel didn't end his article with a call for action. Not only would it have been empty, not only would it have contradicted his message that things will never change; that things will never change seems the only message left that might ever lead to any. Like some kind of sick challenge, like a hackneyed \"tempting of fate,\" like a brazen invitation, an antagonistic supplication, to be proven wrong. Women will never vote. Black men are meant to be slaves. Gays? Let live, let alone intermarry? The old story is that someone comes along and says, \"Oh, yeah?\" But guns have the ultimate retort.\n\nThat said...the victims of the bloodiest mass shooting in American history were...country music fans. Other kinds of music might glorify violence, its performers or patrons or fans might like or be associated (rightly or wrongly) with guns in some way...but isn't there a certain convergence between the audience of country music and the audience of the NRA -- or of the country music audience and voters most likely to pay attention to \"NRA scores\"? A certain demographic. But what does it matter: Gun down NRA supporters and it's not like their survivors will say, \"Please, no more guns!\" \"More guns\" is more like it. They won't be the ones to take up Mr. Israel's undeclared challenge to prove him wrong. Neither will I -- sure, I'll continue to support gun control, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, fully aware of what good it'll do. But exert a sea change? The seas'll drown us first.", "Americans have shown themselves to be unworthy of the privelege of gun ownership.  It's like when you let your teenager borrow the car and he crashes it, over and over.  Take the keys away.  Time for the Second Amendment to go, sorry, it's for National Security.", "The news media needs to stop reporting on the details of the gunman and the victims. I'm afraid that this is one of the reasons some carry out these heinous acts. Locally, when someone dies in a car accident, we get little more than a name and an age before the world moves on.", "\"...amendments to prevent people on the terrorist watch list from purchasing firearms. A no-brainer, I thought. If you\u2019re too dangerous to board a plane, you\u2019re too dangerous to buy an assault weapon, a common-sense position....\"\n\nyou mean the very terrorist watch list that is so opaque no one knows how your name gets on it, no recourse to get it off, the very same one that denied an 8yo boy from boarding a flight?\u00a0 you mean that watch list?\n\nsensless shootings like this are heart breaking, but so is regular run of the mill crime.\u00a0 why is it that the only way law enforcement (and politicians) think they can stop anything like this is by taking away our rights? i think if you got rid of the 4th and 5th ammendments, we'd be in a better position to stop this and more mundane crimes as well....", "There is only one solution. Call all your friends and relatives who are registered as republican or simply lean Republican and tell them politely that you are really saddened, but you prefer not to hear from them anymore as long as they vote Republican. Stop calling, no visits, no Christmas' cards, nothing.\nMaybe they will understand. If they don't, you'll still live a better life. They need us more than we need them.\nIf you think this is too much, then stop complaining.\n\"Extreme remedies are very appropriate for extreme disease\".", "Predictions:  It will take a massacre with 1,000 deaths to get Congress to discuss gun control.  It will take a slaughter with 5,000 deaths to get Congress to pass a gun control measure.  Such events are not unimaginable in today's America.", "I'm a hunter and competitive shooter and the NRA doesn't represent me.  Many of us know the NRA for what they are, lobbyists for gun and ammo manufacturers.", "I like Chris Rock's idea.  $10 a bullet.  Nothing unconstitutional about that.", "For Sale: high-impact, rapid-fire rifles with over-size magazines. Tested successfully with amazing results at 500 yards. Discounts for bulk buyers.", "Maybe there will come a time when all of us have fully automatic assault rifles and then, possibly by error, someone will fire a shot. From there we will all just fire randomly. Given our numbers there will be no way for law enforcement or the military to stop it. We will kill each other until the country is depopulated. That would be the end of the US but as the land was repopulated by those from other lands the NRA would come out of specially built bunkers and say \"Dont you think you have the right to protect yourself?\"    ", "Perhaps a way to start controlling our weaponry is to codify the NRA's own safety rules for using and storing guns.\nhttp://www.magtechammunition.com/resources/safety-university/nra-gun-saf...\n\nStart with misdemeanors for no injuries to felonies for injury and death. At least children in homes might be safer.", "If this is the way that the country is going to be, then this country doesn't align with my values. Unnecessary wars, tax cuts for the rich, the gun lobby doing all that they can to erode public safety. I've lived abroad before and I can go again. I don't need to be a part of this backwardness.", "Nothing is going to happen until gerrymandering is ended.", "The simple and compelling title of the other Opinion piece today says it all.\n\n477 Days. 521 Mass Shootings. Zero Action From Congress.\n\nHog tied by the NRA, and/or their political expedience, Congress should be ashamed of themselves, restrictive gun policy can change the numbers killed.\nLook at Australia, look at Japan, just look..\nThere is no golden solution legislatively, especially for this type of isolated maniac, but its time for legislative triage, time to ban automatic weapons, time to lessen the numbers killed by one deranged individual with high powered weaponry.\nIts high time.", "...and it is even worse when performance pundits like Alex Jones purport the conspiracy theory that Sandy Hook was a hoax and he has a throng of believers.", "I wish Republicans in the thrall of the NRA would have the guts to speak the truth: \"prayers\" notwithstanding, they do not care about the innocents mowed down by gunfire. It is more important to them than the mentally ill have ready access to firepower. And that the NRA continues to line their pockets.", "Was the Las Vegas slaughter the most destructive in the US' active, ongoing history of mass shootings? \n\nIf we realize for a minute that mass shootings of persons of color are equally tragic as those of predominately white victims, think for a minute about Wounded Knee. Between 150 and 300 human beings shot to death, most women and children.\n\nPlease also consider the body count of unarmed persons of color shot by police since President trump's ascension.\n\nSince the NRA has a complete strangle-hold on the party in power, let us pray that the National Rifle Association and the Republican Party will impose reasonable gun control laws.", "Writing in the comment section gets nothing done. Signing petitions gets nothing done. A moment of silence is insulting.  Sometimes I think that the millions on prescriptions for anti depressants that are written every year is a strategy to silence the population, if so, it's working. The Republican politicians are owned lock, stock and barrel (literally) by the terrorist organization known as the NRA.  We need a leader to call for anational strike.  We need to ACT.  ", "Absolutely spot-on opinion, Mr. Israel.  I'm with you 100%.\n\nJust so we all know what we're up against with respect to gun control, I recently had a discussion about these recent mass murders with the computer guy, whom I'll call \"Todd,\" who comes to my house now and then to get my computer functioning properly.  He lives in Pennsylvania, and commutes to a regular job in DC every day.  An intelligent, honest, generous, and hard-working person, and a great guy.\n\nTodd owns about half a dozen guns and rifles, and enjoys going shooting during hunting season.  I posed this question to him:  \"If we could bring back all the children who were murdered during the Sandy Hook massacre, but the price would be that you would have to give up all your guns, would you do it?\"  His immediate answer: \"No way.\"", "Absolutely spot-on opinion, Mr. Israel.  I'm with you 100%.\n\nJust so we all know what we're up against with respect to gun control, I recently had a discussion about these recent mass murders with the computer guy, whom I'll call \"Todd,\" who comes to my house now and then to get my computer functioning properly.  He lives in Pennsylvania, and commutes to a regular job in DC every day.  An intelligent, honest, generous, and hard-working person, and a great guy.\n\nTodd owns about half a dozen guns and rifles, and enjoys going shooting during hunting season.  I posed this question to him:  \"If we could bring back all the children who were murdered during the Sandy Hook massacre, but the price would be that you would have to give up all your guns, would you do it?\"  His immediate answer: \"No way.\"", "Last election I decided I would be a two issue voter: women's rights and gun control.  I saw my vote on gun control as a way to commemorate the children at Newtown and the church people at Charlestown.  Trump won.  One of the first things he did was sign a bill to permit mentally ill people to acquire guns.  Like letting people on a terrorist watch list buy guns, letting mentally ill people buy guns is a formula for slaughter.\n\nA man who had 16 rifles (at least some of them easily adapted into assault rifles) in his hotel room and 18 other guns in his home along with many, many thousands of rounds of ammunition just mowed down hundreds of victims.\n\nThis is more than any Muslim immigrant or Latino immigrant has killed.  As is the norm, this was a white man with guns.  Almost weekly you read about children accidentally killing them selves or other children.  Suicides among white men are up sharply which studies have shown are often linked to guns in households (Harvard).\n\nCommon sense gun laws are strongly supported by about 90% of Americans.  Laws against large capacity ammunition would reduce the carnage.  Sen. Heller like others voted for ever more guns, more ammo, etc.\n\nMore dangerous than any Muslim immigrant, Dreamer, Latino or black man are Republican legislators and Trump.  There is never enough death for them.  \n\nI will keep voting against any politicians who harm Americans.  Blood is again on their hands.", "The bitter irony is that the \"evildoer\"-in-chief himself has provided the template for murder with impunity.  After all, didn't Trump boast that he could shoot someone on Fifth Avenue and not lose any votes?  ", "The gun lobby is, largely, a group of men who desperately need guns because they doubt the efficacy of their own equipment.", "Perhaps one small step wold be for all members of Congress to stop taking blood money from the NRA. Just maybe their conscience would start to return. Who knows what might happen next?", "There will only be gun control when there are more gun fights like the biker bash in Texas a few years ago. We need some suburban Dads to really get into it at their kids' birthday party, like often, and then.....Naw. I guess the best that can be said about this murder is that the victims (I am stereotyping country music fans) may have by and large supported the rights of the murderer to own those guns.\n\nPeople asky why this happened. Why is a funny question. THIS happened because it could. Why people kill goes back to Cain and Abel, for one take on it. The killong or urge to kill has any number of sane and delusionary reasons. But to be able to do this, rather than smash a head with a rock, you need technology to expand your pallet. \n\nWhy a mass killing with an assault weapon? Because mortars and rocket propelled grenades were not available!", "The second amendment has been stretched to snapping, just like certain gun owners. The consequences are fatal. Are there any responsible adults in the GOP? First the NRA, then post-Citizens United, help the GOP promote business over life...unless we are talking about a fetus....then, and only then, life comes first. Once you are born, your death is a potential side effect of business.", "My heart goes out to all the families across America impacted by this tragedy. As a visitor to your country I have enjoyed the warmest of welcomes from everyday Americans. I, like many Australians feel a great affinity with Americans. What I struggle to understand is when is the tipping point for acceptance that the time has passsd for the second amendment, as an outsider it's not for me to lecture but surely  requiring the right to have a \"well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed\" is just not necessary in 2017.Honestly, which country on Earth could possibly invade the US and defeat the US military??  if the time ever comes when the US needed to rely on a militia then really, in my best Aussie parlance 'it's time to pack it in mate!\"\n I understand that guns are required by certain citizens (just like in Australia) farmers, sporting shooters, hunters etc but surely not military grade automatic weapons?? We have our share of loonies, nutters, crims and right wing turkeys in Australia, these people do kill people- however they cannot access the type of arsenal that can massacre.\nMaybe our cultures are very different- we feel safer without weapons- I pray that this is the last one.\n\"In reaching a historic agreement on prohibition of weapons, we made a mighty contribution to delivering a safer and more secure Australian society.\u201d John Howard, 1996-97, Australian Prime Minister", "It should be obvious by now that we as a species are no longer fit to occupy this planet and are not capable of peaceful co-existence.  For the future of earth and the lives of it's other inhabitants our much deserved extinction cannot come too soon.  ", "Blaming \"you, the reader\" is like blaming \"you the voter,\" who elected Hillary Clinton by a wide margin. No, it isn't our fault. Don't blame the powerless.", "If you think this is going to be our Port Author moment, think again.  We are so concerned about foreign terrorist and yet as the NYT\u2019s calendar of mass shootings shows, we have a huge problem related to mass shootings.  The reach of the NRA and the boot lickers that support their perverse vision of \u201cgun rights\u201d and abet the economic interests of the arms industry will remain a powerful roadblock to gun control (reform). But the real problem is at the ground level, with everyday American entranced by the NRA and its mouthpieces.  There are over 300 million weapons out there!  That is a powerful reality that speaks loudly against reform.", "A Democratic Congress might listen.", "Rifles\u2014including assault rifles\u2014were used to kill 374, or 2.5%, of the 15,070 American murdered in 2016. By comparison, 1,604 Americans were stabbed to death, 656 were beaten or stomped to death, 472 were clubbed to death and 7,105 were murdered with handguns. This doesn\u2019t mean we could reduce the number of murders by 2.5 percent by getting rid of rifles because instead of using rifles some murderers would use handguns, knives, clubs and their bare hands to murder people. \n\nSource: FBI Uniform Crime Report 2016 (Expanded Homicide Data Table 4: Murder Victims by Weapon). \n\nhttps://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2016/crime-in-the-u.s.-2016/tables/...", "Part of the issue is that the effete left, who has always sought more control, be it weapons, water or money, has no cogent, clear recommendations on what to do. The percentage of liberal elites who have served in the armed forces in miniscule, and dropping. The \"Gun Culture\" is really a chasm of culture itself - rural or semi-rural vs. suburban/urban. I'm guessing that many of your readers never shot skeet, gone bird hunting, shot a rifle or pistol at a target or attended infantry basic training. As such, they put forth spokesmen like Kevin DeLeon of California, with his famous \"30 round clips per second/Ghost Gun\" comments that had the police standing behind him for effect wincing. Can't the left find SOMEONE who can speak for them who knows what a buffer tube does ?\nThe answer in effective control of these weapons is in the National Firearms  Act, which has been in place since 1934,and regulates Fully Automatic Weapons, Sound Suppressors, Short Barreled Rifles and Shotguns, \"Destructive Devices\" (Cannon) and a catch-all caled \"Any Other Weapon\" for that  which defies easy classification. At this writing, there are close to TWO MILLION items in the registry. Anyone care to take a guess on how many have been used in a crime ?? - Less than ten. Since 1934. The approval process takes at least 9 months currently, most closer to a year. Why does the left not discuss this. Are you not our intellectual betters ??", "It's it's not that we voters don't try to change these things. I've contacted my Senator about gun control and other issues many times. I am ignored. Why? Gerry-mandered voting districts. Our elected officials don't have to listen to constituents. Their re-election is insured and their coiffures full of lobbyist and big business money. We are just tax payers.", "While the opioids crisis seems to be the flavor of the year, other more enduring crises go on forever. The scourge of guns in this country. Questions of identity as a nation interrupts the regularly scheduled broadcast of daytime television. Have we no sense of decency, at long last. A resounding no from our president. To pimp the military? Selling out? Festering pornographers. Melting of the cultural glacier. It's hot and getting hotter. Still, some think congress might actually do something. Sorry too busy satisfying myself, my constituents, and the shareholders. Tell the public we will have to call them back. Maybe.", "I feel sorry for the people who's lives have been cut short.\nI feel sorry for their families; their loss must be unbearable.\nI feel sorry for the injured, who have to recover from the damage to their bodies, their minds and their souls.\nI don't feel sorry for your country, you have had too many chances to fix this and you refuse do it.", "Proud multiple gun owner here.\n\nLets  seriously think about what that \"other 10%\" is thinking. WHY do individuals feel so strongly about the need to own an AK-47? Its NOT to defend their families, that is best done with a shotgun. Its NOT for sport- deer go down just as easy and more sportsmanlike with a hunting rifle. NOT for fun- plinking at the range can be done with a handgun.\n\nTheir logic is based on the fear that a socialist government will turn around and knock on their door someday. Or worse, that society will totally collapse and everyone will be responsible for their  own \"army\". The other \"90%\" know that this is improbable and illogical, but this ridiculous opinion is more-\n its visceral. To someone who is just a little more paranoid than you or me, this is real. No logic in the world can convince them otherwise. And the NRA is now catering to this crowd- it is where the money for new members and new gun purchases comes from. Its also very chic and cool right now to be a \"prepper'. Check it out online (ie Pinterest), I never knew one can make antibiotics out of cat urine (!) for after society as we know it bites the dust. Sounds ridiculous, but the sheer volume of web space dedicated to prepping after total government collapse, and its cross-over to mainstream firearm websites is frightening.", "Most Americans can't read.  If they could, they would read the Second Amendment and realize that the NRA is lying.  The Founding Fathers didn't write the Second Amendment to support ownership of semi-automatic weapons for mass killings or jewel-colored hand guns that fit in purses. The Second Amendment was written so that the anti-British residents of the 13 colonies could create a militia and have their muzzleloading muskets ready to fire against the Tories. The NRA has redefined the Second Amendment to sell guns, rifles, semi-automatic weapons, and now, silencers.\n\nShame on Congress for going along with the NRA instead of calling them what they are: pro-merchandizers of murder.  While Steve Israel's colleagues will stand in silence, lower their flags, mouth the platitudes of \"thoughts and prayers\" - they'll do nothing to stop the murders, suicides, and morbidity of gun violence - all because they want the NRA money.\n\nThe fact that many in Congress and the Senate claim to be pro-life is absurd.  If they were, they would regulate guns.", "Steve Israel raised over $18 million dollars from American business and PACs, during his public service career.   And he was every bit as determined to promote those interests as his colleagues were and are at doing the bidding of the NRA.\n\nAnd yet he has the gall to blame voters for bad policy, when their views don't count in the slightest?", "As a gun owner I do not buy the disingenuous argument that gun control would be a violation of the 2nd Amendment to our Constitution. While I cannot know, what the founding fathers were thinking, as I understand the amendment the right of citizens to bear arms was in relation to a well-regulated militia.  A militia is a military force raised from the civil population to supplement a regular army in an emergency.  At the very least we need to consider stricter controls such as background checks to prevent mentally ill persons from purchasing guns with which to bring to fruition their twisted desire to strike out at a world they think is the cause of their problems.  I would also submit that there is no good reason for a private citizen to own an assault rifle. The only legitimate reason to have one is if you are a member of our armed forces and in some cases a member of law enforcement.  It is time that we challenge the notion that the government by enacting reasonable background checks and a prohibition against private citizens owning assault rifles is attacking our rights as citizens of the United States.  This fallacy has been perpetrated by the NRA as their raison d'\u00eatre and their desire to protect our rights.  The only rights the NRA wants to protect are those of gun sellers and manufacturers.  It is long past time that we break the strangle hold that the NRA has on our Congress and our body politic.  If we do not do something, we will see more slaughter.    ", "Volkswagen was sued and fined 18 billion over NoX pollution, although it remains unproven that the resulting concentrations in the air we breathe kill us, while GM's and Ford's gas guzzlers are already proven to kill us a whole lot more by causing more CO2-induced global warming floods and hurricanes.\n\nSue. the. gun. manufacturers. Now.\n\nAnd the pesticide mills too.\n\nAnd Trump, Pruitt, Big Oil and friends.\n\nLet's go get twenty or far more trillions in health attacking, tax dodged and deadly profits back.\n\nNow we're talking.\n\nAction.\n\nCapitalism has become a cold killer. It kills with malice aforethought by rampant killer pollution, a killing wealth gap created with hidden tax evasion 'defeat and deceit devices' that defies all grasp of understanding or historical precedent, and with guns, arms and hate media proliferation.\n\nIt's about time it has some justice coming.\n\nWe need the laws first and to get those we need to vote some bright law makers in, preferably with a 2/3 majority, so we can repeal and replace the current supreme court bench, otherwise these contract killers will no doubt shoot down any new sensible law.\n\nTo get this done, some 63 million completely obstinate, inaccessible, intransigent and pigheaded deplorables and gullibles need to be cautiously, gently taught e.g. that pregnancy options don't go against God's Will, nor are they creating the biggest killing fields the world has ever been seeing.\n\nDoes reality bite? Is being human a lethal mental condition?", "Given a government that is run by lobbyists, nothing will change. With respect to the murdered and injured, and compassion for their friends and families, I can just hear the NRA say \"Guns don't kill people, country and western music concerts kill people.\" Gun violence has to be stopped. No guns = no gun violence. ", "Today, Oct 2nd, the price of gun company stocks went up.  How sick is that?", "I share the former congressman\u2019s frustration and disgust at how we now respond to these massacres. There\u2019s a pattern that we all have accepted as normal. First, there\u2019s the shock while the incident is happening. Once the \u201cevent\u201d is over, the media steps in. We usually don\u2019t know who perpetrated the massacre at first so cable news spends hours speculating on who it is/was and what weapons they used. They bring on their \u201cmassacre specialists\u201d who wonder if maybe it\u2019s terrorism\u2014i.e is the perpetrator a Muslim or ISIS related. All based again on conjecture. Immediately after the \u201cevent \u201c we get pressers with reports by the Sheriff or lead law enforcement officers\u2014reasonable. However, we then get the politicians who tell us nothing about the event but assure us the first responders were incredible and that their community more than any other is \u201cresilient \u201c and \u201cwon\u2019t let this incident change their lives.\u201d  Then we hear about the \u201cheroes\u201d who saved lives followed finally by stories about the lives lost. The site of the horror fills with flowers, stuffed animals and cards and candles. People go to the site to \u201cpay their respects\u201d and reflect on how sad it is we lost so many amazing people. Our elected officials tell us the victims are in their \u201cthoughts and prayers\u201d and accuse anyone who questions our lack of gun regulation of \u201cpoliticizing the event.\u201d  And then? We do nothing. Insanity. ", "Similar to the way religious left are increasingly asserting themselves in the arena, we mustn't overlook the potential of country music fans to make a difference in progressive causes. ", "The times after tragedies are always difficult, and sensitive.  But if the discussion must turn to politics, let's be specific.\nInitial reports indicate this was a wealthy, previously sane man with no criminal history who had 10 minutes to fire upon a large, massed crowd.  What form of gun control do you propose that would have stopped him, short of outright confiscation of hundreds of millions of firearms?\nI do wish the right would stop pretending every little regulation is an unreasonable violation of our rights.  And I also wish the left would stop pretending every little regulation would somehow prevent mass tragedies.", "The only think to which i've become inoculated is the power of the gun lobby and their ability to stifle any cry for change.  Let's admit it.  They won and will continue to wine.  Fake news, like Hillary's wanting to \"take our guns away\" plays better to an angry, white, male America.  Politics in our country has boiled down to a handful of people with a lot of money who, thanks to Citizen United, are the hands moving our orange puppet-in-chief, and all those in congress, in lock step behind him.  Power, not governance.  Guns, not health care.  Just lovely.", "On the surface, this might seem a problem of political courage, but the problem is even deeper than that.  If a critical mass of obstinate Republicans were, in a burst of conscience, vote to do something to get control of access to these weapons, they would all be challenged in primary from the right.   Then they would lose, and the successors would be even more extreme -- which brings you back to the same place.    Gerrymandering is a part of this, but another part is a deeper lack of social courage, and fear of the organized fanatics, as much on the part of voters as of politicians.", "It hasn't reached the tipping point yet. But it will, some day. Keep up the pressure as best as we can. Don't be disheartened. Some things take more time. Patience & perseverance are important.\n\nRight now, Wayne LaPierre is a huge obstacle. He has enormous impact on a large number of (key) people. Some day that will ease. He is a formidable fighter. But many, even more formidable people have been beaten. So it's just a matter of time, LaPierre also will be beaten back. It takes a lot more effort to beat him. Again, don't be disheartened. Determined persuasion for a right cause eventually will succeed.", "Great article. But can you tell us what we can do as readers, as citizens? I want to help the change, but sometimes it seems impossible for my voice to be heard. What are the best venues to get common sense gun control laws passed? ", "Well, I guess it's time to outlaw half-masting and crocodile tears as the most we can do. I realized nothing, nothing at all, would ever be done about our insane gun policy when the group of first graders was mowed down. It's time for the news media not to bother to cover these things anymore. The sanctimonious pols with their \"sadness\" and constant bewilderment at the inevitable.\nMy representatives would vote for gun control. None of this is my fault. I can barely recognize this country anymore.", "When Scalia wrote the majority decision in Heller vs DC that now allowed gun ownership outside of a militia he pointedly stated in that decision  that certain types of weapons could still be restricted and that laws banning weapons in certain venues were allowed.\n\nThe NRA supporters that rail about their rights , when referring to the Scalia decision conveniently ignore his statements in the decision that gun restrictions and bans are still permissible.", "Congressman Israel is right: We, the people, have become inoculated against these mass shootings. And as he himself puts it, sort of, anyway, \"The . . . vital question is, 'How come?'\" It is not because, we, the people, have failed to plead with Congress to act. It is because when we, the people, ask Congress to pass sensible gun control measures, it drags its heels. As Congressman Israel points out, his colleagues have \u201cturned [the matter of expansion of background checks or making it harder for people with mental illness to obtain guns] into a debate over the rights of gun owners instead of the right to life of children.\u201d Or, as he, furthermore, states,\u201d I heard colleagues confide that any vote for gun safety would lower their N.R.A. scores, making them casualties in the next election.\u201d So, here\u2019s the thing, Congressman Israel: we, the people, have been pleading with Congress for sensible gun control legislation well before the Sandy Hook massacre and most certainly after it. Unfortunately, for every child, woman, and man there comes that time when s/he grows tired of pleading, when that brick wall s/he is trying to move isn\u2019t budging an inch, when s/he feels turns into Sisyphus, and then we, the people, just give up. That\u2019s just human nature. All we, the people, are then left with is to hope that none of our loved ones fall victim to the next \u201cworst deadly shooting in modern American history\u201d.", "America has lost the ability to respect and have compassion for each other.  I pray each day we can relearn that.  Congress lead?  I doubt it.  Individual communities, maybe.", "Many seem to love their guns more than they do humanity.  Arguments for guns:\nSecond Amendment, Freedom, Protection.  The first and most up for miscontuing, the constitution.  The constitution states safeguards for regulating rights and gun ownership is certainly not an inalienable right.  Freedom, we are a country of laws, no one is free to do as they will.  Protection; every study and statistic shows that guns in the home exponentially increase the risk of harm to family and friends from those very guns.  \n\nFalse narratives, propaganda, marketing, these tools work very effectively with an ill-informed and myopic elecotorate as we have seen such irrational arguments and decision making persistently be at the forefront of public discourse.", "The Congress is completely sold out to the NRA , influential lobbyists and other special interests . The big business Corporations and Billionaires  election and re election campaign funds ' contributions ,  Special interest lobbyists  influence provides access and almost total control on legislative agenda . These contributions of funds and other facilitation of any kind for politicians in the Western countries are considered as bribery and crime . Why contributions if any , for influence on members of Congress and legislation  should be legalized in any from  ? What do you think?", "Gun control was mortally wounded on December 14, 2012 and was removed from life support shortly thereafter. 12/14/12 was the day Adam Lanza massacred 20 first grade children, 6 of their teachers, and his own mother. \n\nIn the wake of a bloodbath at an elementary school the majority in Congress chose to...do nothing. The lives of 20 children in class, or 50 people at a nightclub, or 59 people at a country music concert, not to mention the ones picked off one and two at a time every day, are valued less than the prerogatives of the NRA and the ability of the average citizen to possess a deadly array of small arms. ", "The bullets fly. The bodies pile up. Quickly thereafter the candles and balloons show up at the site of the murders. And our Congressmen serve up their thoughts and prayers. Lots of noise echoes throughout the land and the naive think something might be done to prevent or at least reduce the number of these events. A few weeks go by and there's nothing but silence until the next mass shooting.\n\nLet's face it. Our political system is so corrupted by money that until truly fundamental changes are made in how we fund our elections, nothing will ever be done. Yes, America is truly exceptional. No other country on the planet makes it so easy for its citizens to be slaughtered year after year after year . . .", "Trump uses the words \"pure evil\" to address the mass killings. Those words can also apply to a Congress and a President who refuse to enact any laws that might protect our loved ones from horrors like this.\nAfter Newtown the NRA prattled on about devoting more resources (money) to combat mental illness in our society. That was almost 5 years ago. Once the clamor died down, we haven't heard much about that.\nThose legal \"experts\" who peddle the absurd \"originalist\" garbage concerning interpretation of the Constitution, inconsistently seem to forget that the writers of the 2nd Amendment lived in a world of single shot firearms. ", "I have yet to hear a convincing argument for why assault rifles should be available for civilian use.  (Sorry, it \"feels cool\" to fire quickly is not a convincing argument.)  Other types of weapons are equal or better for hunting, target shooting, and home defense.  Assault weapons outperform in one area only- rapid slaughter of human beings.  Granted that gun manufacturers have made huge profits off assault rifles since they were legalized, is that really a good enough reason to allow their sale?", "The lack of \"ACCOUNTABILITY\" on both sides of the aisle and within the judicial system is perhaps one of the first places to begin addressing the issue.\n\nMany may say it is the NRA and/or the gun manufacturers who's  actions enable these horrific events to happen, however are the car manufacturers being held responsible for the tragedies in Nice, Germany and Spain?\n\nOf course the NRA and gun manufacturers own their portion of accountability. but it is Congress, federal, state and local government officials who create and pass the laws, not the NRA!!!", "Here\u2019s a novel idea. The NRA has bought Congress and State Governments  by supporting their re-election campaigns with money. Lots of money. So let\u2019s get a list of all those that accept NRA donations to their campaigns and give them more money. We know from other issues that they are not Constitutional scholars nor are they true adherents to the Bill of Rights. So let\u2019s give them what they really want, money for their re-election campaigns if they vote for better gun laws. And while we are at it let\u2019s help the large numbers of NRA members who do not support the agenda of the NRA but belong because most gun ranges require a membership. Let\u2019s start an alternate more reasonable organization that resembled the old NRA before it became an industry lobbying group. The one of my childhood that taught gun safety and target practice. That respects the 2nd Amendment and recognizes the plague of present day gun violence. Anyone who saw Wayne LaPierre one week after Sandy Hook call for teachers with guns knows that they are incorrigible. So let\u2019s fight with the most powerful weapon the NRA has, money. ", "Every gun owner should be required to carry liability insurance.", "Mr. Israel,\nYour thoughts and frustrations aren't different from my own. I share these and, obviously, so do many others.  My question is straight forward. What else, sir, are we to do?  Sandy Hook was my line in the sand. I've called congressional representatives and written letters, even to the President. I feel like I was listened to, but there's just this block preventing change.  You point at the NRA as being this block, and it resonates with me. What are the specific steps that I can take to chip away at that specific block?", "What needs to change are the campaign finance laws. That isn't going to happen. I would personally like to see the amount of time that we spend discussing this reduced. Keep us aware of the statistics. Maybe a headline. (x) number killed in (city) at (time). That should be enough. ", "If you are American and want to escape this seemingly perpetual cycle of \"gun massacre - thoughts and prayers - 2nd amendment right\", then emigrate.\n\nYour country is lost and nothing can save it from itself.", "I support Chris Rock\u2019s proposal for gun control, the cost to purchase a bullet should start at $5,000.00.", "I will put it quite simply, I doubt I am putting anything new on the table except for a metaphor:\n\n\"The United States is a country marinated in guns.\"  \n\nSingle shooter, psychopath, whatever, and probably in any other civilized country in the world, he would have had three rifles, nothing automatic, killed four people, wounded 10, and then the doors would have come down.  Instead, we have a man with 19 rifles, probably some of which were automatic.  \n\nI do not even bother to look at this news anymore, because it is predictable.  What always surprises me is the shock of the public and the news media. A terrible but predictable massive personal tragedy.  It should be framed as a public policy issue. There will always be single shooters who rage at society --\n we need to give them less to work with. It also seems that people who are part of the gun lobby believe that they will be heroes when this sort of thing happens, and yet I never see that. The American sniper is killed despite his expertise and heroism...I am 60 years old, I don;t know if we are going to figure this out in our lifetime. However, one day when we are really fed up,  logic will prevail, even if compassion takes the backseat.", "Gun stocks climbed today, behind the knowledge the Trumpuppets will be out in force to buy more, fearing the vast majority may finally convince leaders to draw up sensible gun laws. They live for their fears, never happier than when they can arm to protect their inviolable, god-given rights to shoot those by whom they feel threatened, never prouder than when they can proclaim to America they are protecting our freedoms from the coming revolution that will overthrow our sacred values, totally oblivious the revolution occurred without shots being fired except for theirs as they shoot each other, and their little children shoot each other along with their friends and neighbors, not understanding their 'elected' officials are those selected for them by those who divert some of their tax breaks into the campaign funds of those who write the laws for them. Yes. For those who own the government, days like today have a special name: Payday.", "I\u2019ve already written my Senators and my Congressional representative to begin the process to declare the NRA a terrorist organization.  Let\u2019s put the blame for domestic terrorism squarely where it belongs.  As you so rightly said, we need more than prayers and expressions of sympathy.  We need action.", "Wonder how many of these pro gun fanatics can say they've had to actually use a firearm for self protection?  I've had to use a gun to protect myself, twice. While  I'm in favor of the 2nd amendment,  what is wrong with sensible gun control?  We don't need automatic weapons and certainly not silencers.  What's wrong with background checks and preventing anyone with a criminal or mental history, or on a terrorist watch list from buying any guns?  Why is there lack of  common sense when it comes to guns in the US?", "We are a self-destructive species. Elsewhere in today's paper is an article about declining humpback whale populations (Megaptera novaeangliae), due to global warming. Scientists are telling us that we are poisoning the planet, destroying the species with the really big brains, and ultimately will destroy ourselves; but we are powerless to change. Having the chance to vote for an impressive battle-tested statesperson with pragmatic solutions to serious problems, like global warming, and a nutter, the US chose the nutter. The fact that Stephen Paddock pretty much resembles ordinary folk should give us pause. \n\nWhy is it that the Evangelicals, the only significant special interest group that claims to have knowledge of how a supreme being who loves us and is the source of our knowledge of Good and Evil and expects human beings to be Good, unfailingly votes to elect representatives who vote to put lethal weaponry in the hands of terrorists?\n\nI asked Quora, \"how long does semi-normal earth have left?\" Several knowledgeable, credentialed, people said abt. 50-70 years before things get really bad. If we have no political will to do anything to prevent millions or perhaps billions of deaths--if we cannot even manage to keep global warming in our thoughts--how can we possibly be expected to act to prevent mere hundreds or thousands of death? \n\nHey Bill .... Global extinction: it's just the \"the price of freedom.\" ", "You have to state what a law\u2019s enforcement and punishment provisions would be.", "WHAT does the Liberal Progressive expect?  \n\nLet's say you have always carried a gun in your car or truck. You live in the suburbs or rural area.  You are a moderately successful person in some business.   \n\nLet's say someone close to you was harmed in this incident in Vegas.  Why would you shift your position your possessing a gun?  You should understand that bad people don't need a gun to harm you if they want something you have.\nI was near LA on the morning after this incident.  It was surprising the misinformed opinions on AM news stations there.  Particularly they kept reporting the number of off duty cops who may have been at the concert.  Maybe the blue states will make their cops keep the guns at work since Joe Taxpayer does not have the privilege of carry a gun.  The dems say all guns are bad.  Sue the manufacturers.  Yet the gov needs guns that function every time when needed.\nNext week I will be in the \"Duke City\" That's a dangerous town in a relatively gun friendly state.  The criminals on Central Ave don't need a gun to harm you.  That's one area you better look carefully before getting out of your car.", "The answer is obvious. If people at the concert had been armed with rocket launchers they could have quickly taken out the assailant.  Open carry of rocket launchers now, for the safety of the public.", "Isn\u2019t it just like a politician to blame everyone else for his own failures? ", "I cried and lobbied my senators when children died in Sandy Hook, I cried with Obama and Joe Biden when their attempts at gun legislation failed. I am sick of hearing the hypocritical phrase, \"our prays are with the victims and families\".  so we drop our flags to half mast, we drop the flowers at the sites and shake our heads.  even worse, we prepare for \"active shooter\" at work and sit there and take it.  And when someone like me says, \"why are we not stopping the gun flow first of all -- i get looks like i just pulled someone's eye out!! i am sick of the anxiety of being gunned down at a theater or at my kid's homecoming game -- sick of the thoughts that run through my head of how i would shield my kids with my body or drag ourselves under the stadium's bleachers!  all i can do is write and write -- and no, i will not \"pray\" !!", "I was in Ireland about 10 years ago, and I asked a fellow in a bar if he'd ever thought about visiting the U.S.\n\n\"No,\" he said. \"I think I'd be shot dead in the streets.\"\n\nI just laughed at the time. \n\nNow, I'm guessing that fellow will never visit here.", "He's right. Republicans  destroyed  Hillary Clinton over nothing and have the same nothing arguments regarding guns, yet we let them dominate the conversation. Their arguments are nonsensical, their reasoning nonexistent; same with every issue \u2013taxes, immigration \u2013now that I think of it.", "The 2nd amendment was written in 1791. Our country has accommodated enormous changes since then..planes, radio, astronauts, moon, radar, cpr,\ntelephones, electric lights, tv, nuclear power, cell phones, ad infinitum.....\nThe 2nd amendment needs an overhaul. It is haunting and hunting the people of our country.  Talk is cheap, but apparently so are lives. We went to Viet Nam and so many died. We went to Iraq and so many died. BUT killing our own in our own\ncountry is despicable.", "I live in a blue dot in a very red state.  Nothing will change as most of these comments have stated. It will be interesting to see what the SCOTUS does with the Wisconsin gerrymandering decision this term.  As long as these hyper-partisan districts exist, we will continue to see legislation that validates our gun-obsessed country, no matter the death toll.  \n\nhttps://www.thenation.com/article/the-most-serious-challenge-to-gerryman...", "This is what it feels like when there is no hope.", "Unfortunately change needs to extend beyond gun laws. What is it about our society that causes individuals to want to commit suicide in \"spectacular\" fashion? Would the \"weapon\" of choice be bomb?-car?-fire?--a bathtub full of water to murder your own children in? At least with gun laws an individual who carries may have the opportunity to protect against the mad-person.\n\nWe need to look closely at what our society holds dear--and a lot of it is hollow-- money, material status, etc....Also, countries that hold revere family, religion, children, wellbeing---how do they compare?\n\nLots to think about before going for the low hanging feel good answers.", "The NRA, the lobbying body for weapons manufacturers, needs a US market for ridiculous consumer bound guns. Why? The overseas terrorist market is big money, and our second amendment is the loophole they need for cover. ", "I listened to the words on TV yesterday, but could not hear, as after the steady stream of tragic mass shootings, the words rang hollow in my ears. A President without a heart or soul trying to sound comforting. Pundits in shock over the enormity of this evil. Networks racing to scoop the shooter's motives.\nMaybe Springsteen was right in his song \"Nebraska\" about a mass murderer sent to the electric chair. \"I guess there's just a meanness in this world,\" says the man with leather straps around his chest when asked why he did what he did. Seems to be a lot of it in this land of the free home of the brave. Maybe lurking under the veneer of exceptionalism is madness that turns to meanness. A meanness given access to weapons only the military should possess. Congress, stop talking, do something. ", "\"You\u2019ve become inoculated. You\u2019ll read this essay and others like it, and turn the page or click another link.... This horrific event will recede into our collective memory.\"\n\nMr. Israel, it is not that many of us in this country have become inoculated to gun violence or that horrific events such as this will recede into our memory.\n\nThe problem is that many of your former colleagues do not have the courage to confront the horrific issue of gun violence in this country, as Australia did many years ago.\n\nI and many others who visit these pages of the Times remember the front page editorial that Times devoted to this topic with the heading and subheading that pretty much said it all:\n\n\"End the Gun Epidemic in America.\n\u200bIt is a moral outrage and national disgrace that civilians can legally purchase weapons designed to kill people with brutal speed and efficiency.\"\n\nIt continues to be a \"moral outrage and national disgrace\" that the gutless politicians of this country have refused--and continue to refuse--to do anything to end the gun epidemic, nearly two years after that editorial was published in December 2015.  \n\nIt shouldn't take editorials or op-ed articles such as yours and Nick Kristof's to persuade politicians to act to end the madness where one person can create such havoc and death in a matter of minutes, thanks to the unfettered access to high powered assault weapons.\n\nAlas, Congress now wants to make is easier to buy silencers and make matters worse.\n\nWhat a shame!", "Gun ownership and use has been elevated to a religion in the United States, a religion that demands blood sacrifice like some Steven King character.  As long as we treat the Second Amendment as if it were a credo, we will continue to march into irreversible decline as a nation while we reduce our population with these indescribably evil random mass shootings.", "Until every single person in this country loses a loved-one to gun violence, nothing will change. Maybe then there will be enough outrage at lawmakers to finally push them to stop cowering to the NRA.", "Whatever happened to \"well regulated\" in the Second Amendment?", "What frustrates me is that, being from Massachusetts, I can't use my vote to change things.  Both of my Senators and my Congressman are solidly in favor of gun control.\n\nWhen congressman Israel says that \"we readers\" are part of the problem, he must clarify that to mean:  \"You readers whose Senators and Congressmen vote with the NRA\".", "You Americans must have a cynical group of Congresspersons if they continue to do nothing to address the problem of gun ownership and the issue of mass shootings in your country. Of course, many of you are cynical too about government, society, the world even. However, can you truly envisage more of this massive carnage mostly because a faction of your country believes in its right to possess arms and their purveyors to sell them? Those who demand change must work extra, extra hard to have your politicians deliver changes to gun laws. You may pray and pray until you are blue in the face, but I doubt God - in whom you trust (so ironic) - is impressed with you. You know the old adage, God helps those who help themselves. Better make an utter and ultimate effort to change your country for the good.", "I have moved myself and my family to Japan, where we can get top quality health care without going into poverty, go to concert without getting killed and walk down the street without any fear of a gun being stuck in my face. Good bye, USA. We will never come back. After 66 years of you, I am finished. You are not worth it.", "Thousands of people went to Washington to protest the repeal of ACA.  Why can't we do the same to demand sensible gun legislation? Most importantly, who keeps voting in these politicians who think it is OK for a mental person to have unfettered access to guns???", "The misuse of the Second Amendment lead to the slaughter in Las Vegas.\nThe following is the Second Amendment, copied from archives.gov:  \"Amendment II  A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.\"  The sentence structure is the key to the intent.   The beginning, \"A well regulated Militia\" clearly indicates that the amendment pertains to the needs of the military within the context of the characteristics of the eighteenth century.  The following words: \"being necessary to the security of a free State\" continues the justification for a state controlled army.  So, the citizens of the United States have the right to be in the national army or the national guard.    \"The  right to bear arms\" slogan used by the \"gunners\" is the result of cherry picking words from the amendment to create a meaning that was never intended.   Thus any crazy can get the fire power to slaughter many, a slaughter made possible by the NRA controlling a weak Congress. ", "Democrats go all-in: propose legislation that allows unlimited guns inside the capital building and white house. Good enough for us, good enough for you guys. This might force republicans to, gasp!, vote against guns or get themselves shot.", "The NRA can raise the money, but do politicians really have to take it?  Is there a systematic way to shame them for accepting donations from this minority faction?  \n\nHere's a narrative:  Americans don't want military weapons in our streets.  We want background checks.  We want rigorous research into what policies will save lives.  We need reasonable regulation grounded in research.  This can't happen when minority factions control our representatives.  Out, out, out with big money from extremists.\n\nThe new battle lines are not left and right, they are between extremists and people who are here to cooperate and solve problems.\n\nIf you are a Congressperson  taking money from the lunatic fringes of our society, you are useless to us.  Get out.", "How many of us are now going to think twice about going to a concert, a sports event, a rally?  Are you feeling the sense of isolation yet?", "Hypothetically speaking, if the Founding Fathers were to observe every emergency intervention performed last night after the massacre, and the countless autopsies to occur in the days to come, followed by the funerals for the victims,  along with all the additional surgeries required for the surviving  patients,  plus the hours of rehab many will require, and perhaps, the years of therapy to recover from the trauma. . .  do you think those Founding Fathers would say, \"Yeah. . .  that Second Amendment. . .  we're so glad for the protections it continues to afford the citizens of the United States\" ?  ", "Nothings gonna change anytime soon America. Now lets get back to the Kaepernick controversy.", "Follow the money. End of story.\n\n1. Term Limits.\n2. Rescind Citizens United.\n3. No lifetime appointments.\n4. Re-invest in mental health.\n\nIt's a start.", "You give the NRA an inch...now there are \"gun enthusiasts\" openly carrying loaded military assault rifles while ordering lunch at Burger King, shopping at Walmart and protesting the removal of Confederate memorials in Charlottesville. While that alone is completely unnerving, the record for \"deadliest mass shooting\" keeps being shattered every few months and now the NRA wants these disturbed individuals to have access to silencers so they can slaughter us at an even higher rate in stealth. The carnage is so prevalent it has become abstract, if not completely normalized. If 20 murdered 6 & 7-year-olds, 49 club-goers, and two wounded members of congress can't bring about sensible gun control laws-- then the 59 people most recently gunned down dead certainly won't either.  Same goes for he record breaking body count at the next mass shooting. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. And the next. ", "Since this happened in Nevada, a \"western\" state with loose traditional gun laws, I have to say I felt, better there.\n\nNothing will happen, but at least the main proponents of liberal gun laws are the ones, (this time), who are getting massacred. Which is, admittedly, sad.\n\nAre the people out there thinking, maybe we should re-think our gun laws? Vote for a Democrat? Never.", "Unfettered access to firearms leaves me vulnerable, because I cannot carry less lethal forms of self-defense.\n\nI went to the ballpark on Sunday (last game of the season). I take the subway to games. It sometimes occurs to me, walking through the urine-smelling corridor to get to the turnstile and platform, that it might be smart to carry a little canister of pepper spray.\n\nThe problem is, once I arrive at the ballpark, I wouldn't be able to enter with it. Because of the extreme (quite justified) worry about mass shootings, everybody goes through a magnetometer, bags are searched, many are wanded. I'd never get through security with my little can of Jogger Fogger.\n\n(I've been to concerts where nail clippers, cuticle scissors, pen flashlights are confiscated. I've been to music venues which sell patrons water bottles - minus the cap - because a capped bottle can be thrown as a weapon.)\n\nDo any of the Constitutional amendments guarantee me the right to carry a can of pepper spray? I'm tired of Bazooka Joe's 'rights' trumping my rights.\n\nThink about it. The worst I could do is Mace the loudmouth next to me because he thinks the peanut vendor is not moving fast enough to suit him. Would you put everybody through all this screening to protect the public from me?\n\nYou wouldn't, because THE SCALE OF THE EFFECT OF THE WEAPONS IS DIFFERENT. The security protocol required to prevent gun catastrophe disallows my personal self-defense. What would the Supreme Court say to that?", "Last month i left NJ and moved to Belize. I had enough of the resurgent racism and the other examples of our societal long march backwards. I was and am embarrassed to be among the prime demographic responsible for Trumpism. (68, white male, viet vet.) I employ a young Belizian man who took note of the CCN story i was watching about the killings in Las Vegas. He asked me if this had  happened again and asked me why i thought it kept on happening. Before i could answer he said what we all know and won't address, \"there are no restrictions on guns in your country\", he said. \"That is why it keeps on happening\". ", "Push for a bill and conversation advocating for  guns permitted on capital hill and in the Supreme Court. \n\nLove to hear republican arguments why they should be restricted.  ", "I  find the whole discussion absurd. For me, no one except the police and the military should be allowed to own guns, no one else. The idea that you need a private defense system is absurd and leads to more violence. I thought we have a state that is founded on the rule of law. Look at nations like Germany or Great Britain. Less guns means less violence. No guns very little violence because with knives and bar fists it is much harder to kill. Everything else is just in the interest of the gun lobby. I find it absurd and sickening.", "You're right. People will forget. Maybe it's because before we can get guns out of people's hands we have to get them out of our hearts. As a country our myths and heroes remain people who ruled with guns: think Tombstone and Dodge City. The \"city on a hill\" is not what we worship.\n\nIt may be a long road, but we have to start with the culture. Feminism has become turning women into wannabe men. GI Janes.They have to be superheroes. Swear. Rule tough. Instead of valuing what can be termed feminine qualities, such as kindness, fairness, nurturing, diplomacy, etc.\n\nAs much as I loathe the profiteers who sleep just fine making money off of gun deaths (and they do, every time there's a mass shooting, more people buy guns), we have to also look to Hollywood, television, social media. We've got our work cut out. A favorite bible story of mine is Abigail and Maon. Yes. The Old Testament where women were relegated to being obedient servants, well, Abigail had to come to the rescue after her boor of a husband, Maon, put their people and themselves in danger because of selfishness, greed, and loud mouth foolishness. David and his men were on their way to destroy them because of Maon and it was Abigail who acting quickly, decisively, rushed to David and through a gentle humility and great diplomacy talked David down and saved not only her people (and stupid husband) but also David's reputation. \n\nHearts have to change. What we revere must change. ", "These mass shootings keep happening, each time more people are murdered & injured and each time it's some unhinged guy who wants to bring others down w/ him....there is no ideology just angry men acting out publicly. Each time these killings take place everyone feels bad and prays then it happens again, only worse, then again....what # will we stop at? 200 people killed? 2000? There is no reason for anyone to have these sort of weapons, they not for hunting and they are not for self defense. Who will protect the public from these unbalanced guys w/ high power weapons? Where are our civil rights? ", "America glorifies guns, violence, and individual freedom.  Logically, the combination carried to an extreme leads to mass killing.  Any society which values the lives of innocent citizens over the profits of gun manufacturers and vendors and the power of a powerful lobby would take measures to strictly control the sale of assault weapons.  Only a deranged reading of the second amendment could consider the unrestricted ability of the killers in the Orlando and Las Vegas to commit mass murders as representing a free militia. The barbaric slaughter of thousands for the enrichment of a few is repugnant to decency and a horrible continuing crime, just as much as the poisoning of consumers through drugs by criminals for profits.  The NRA and its political enablers are abetting and spreading terrorism and must be policed and checked.", "Here's a fact:  Only mass shooting stopped was in Arizona, where Gaby Giffords was seriously wounded and a number of people killed.  Did a 'good guy with a gun' stop the bad guy with a gun?  No.  The shooter had a small clip, not sure how many rounds;  6 or 8 ?  When he ran out and stopped to insert a fresh clip UNARMED bystanders overwhelmed him.\n\nHere's a thought:  If any loved one of mine is ever injured in a shooting like today's I will hold  Wayne LaPierre or whoever the current flunky is, responsible.  I will find him.  He will be held accountable.  I will also hold every obstructionist lackey in congress accountable.  I promise.\n\nCare to join me ?  ", "The utter absurdity of gun ownership and gun violence in the US is that we are the only country in the civilized world with such a blatant disregard for human life. Considering the cultural, economic, and religious polarization of our population, the unregulated ownership of military style killing machines is an invitation to mass murder. So, no surprise, that is exactly what we get on a regular basis. Statistically, our homicide rate is exponentially greater than any other civilized country. Ownership or sale of an automatic or semiautomatic weapon should be a felony with a mandatory prison sentence. Instead of open carry, there should be no carry, with remaining gun ownership restricted to the home of the owner. For those who love to shoot animals, there should be federally managed hunting reserves, where hunters can check out guns at an hourly rate, with each gun having an embedded chip so it can not be brought off premesis. No corporation or individual should financially support the candidacy of a pro gun politician. Being pro gun is being pro murder and it has to stop. But it won't stop, because Americans, who consider themselves part of a faith based society, only elect politicians who flaunt both God and Guns. And the elected leader of our country leads with his silence regarding gun control, his constant incitement to violence, and his prayers when violence occurs. Sick. ", "Christianity as practiced by most Republican politicians and much of their flock is a complete and utter farce/joke, and it taints other Christians who actually try to follow Christ's teachings. This is one reason why Gen-Xers and Millennials have left the Church in droves. The hypocrisy is just too palpable to tolerate for most good and decent people.", "I refuse to accept your statement that we are part of the problem. Congress and its lack of courage is the problem. Your inability to curtail the influence of the NRA is the problem.  I don't read about these massacres and move on. I talk to my children about it, I move through my life in the city thinking about what I'd do if a gunman opened fire on my subway, in my movie theater, during a play. I live with it every hour of every day. We all do. You and your colleagues are bought and sold like sacks of flour. Do something.", "After hearing Trump's empty words of \"compassion,\" read from a teleprompter like a prisoner of war, rest assured that nothing will change.", "Nothing will happen in congress to debate changing public policy on guns. Nothing will happen to curb the pharmaceutical industry and their sale of opioids. Nothing will happen to try to understand and then limit police shootings of unarmed black men. Nothing will happen to hold Wall street accountable for their gambling habit. Nothing will happen ...", "Not exactly the only example of \"constitutional\" rights overcoming a right to life.\n\nAbortion, for example.", "The question of what it takes for the current makeup of Congress to act is foolish. Russian collusion is not enough, glaring violations of ethics in self-dealing are not enough, day after day of inane tweets filled with lies, bullying, and other shameless speech by a US President are not enough. Why would people being killed in mass shooting be enough for them? The increasing threat of nuclear war is not motivating them to act. \n\nThis is like being in a toxic marriage and asking what you can do to change your partner. After decades of him/her not changing, are we still hoping that something will happen for them to come around and show some consideration for us?\n\nOur only hope is to vote in 2018 at elect those with a conscience that is not so easily overridden by lobbyist money. We will not achieve progress by electing Republicans who pledge loyalty to the false legends of Ronald Reagan. They don't remember that Reagan endorsed the Brady Bill (after he left office of course). ", "Congressman Israel, I must take exception to your conclusions. On the contrary, things WILL change. Your colleagues from across the aisle will point out that the only thing preventing a bad guy from causing mayhem with a weapon are a bunch of good guys armed to the teeth. They will continue to dismantle any sensible regulations, pass laws to \"empower\" all kinds of self-righteous vigilantes, and call for the citizenry to patronize their nice local gun dealer. \n\nThey will make it so it is far more complicated to purchase over the counter cold medicine (assuming the citizens of this country are all potential crystal meth chemists) than purchase a weapon (assuming the citizens all have the judgment to take down criminals). Ooops, they largely did this already!\n\nSo, no, Congressman Israel, things WILL change. They will become worse. Because a part of the citizenry in this country, fed with false news, false media and a less-than-stellar pre-college education system, has lost all sense of reality and will elect increasingly radical and dangerous people as your colleagues. \n\nWhat will not change, however, is that the United States will continue to be the laughing stock of the developed world. Just try to explain to a Japanese, a Chinese, a French or even a Canadian the beautiful pro-gun theories totted as truths in Congress these days, and watch their absolute amazement as how idiotic this debate can be in America.", "Introduce a bill anyway.  The shooting in Las Vegas, recorded on so many cameras, cannot be unseen, nor can it be explained away as some isolated incident in some other town somewhere.  This shooting will haunt anyone walking down the Strip, or any open space between tall buildings, or anyone attending an outdoor concert.  This one is the big one.  While the opposition will surely do their worst, the unease created by this shooter, who so perfectly fits the profile of the NRA, will not fade away. \n\nThere's momentum here, Mr. Israel.  The agenda of the gun lobby has become the indefensible: enabling the next madman to fire indiscriminately into a crowd from a window of a tall building. ", "Things CAN change! No automatic or modified semi automatic weapons in America--period. These weapons are the worst kind of self indulgence, disregarding the common good. Demand an end to NRA bribery and  an end to Citizens United.", "Congressman:  Are you incensed enough to risk being a pariah in the House?  If you truly are, then take the leap and name those nameless congresspeople who tell you in the elevators their real thoughts but cower when they descend to the House floor.  Your views and those of several other House and Senate members who stand up to the NRA are known and you get re-elected.  Once those silent supporters are out in the light, they will see that they have significant support.  I will contribute to their re-election if they are primaried by the NRA.  Speak out...the time has come.", "Will the day ever come when we are once again a civilized nation and no longer have to witness our fellow Americans being randomly shot down by psychopathic males with far too many guns in their arsenal in what has become an open big-game hunting season on human beings? It's as if we in the United States are living some bizarre version of the short story \"The Most Dangerous Game,\" where people become the hunted for some bored big-game hunter. How is this not an encroachment on Americans' unalienable rights--including the right to the preservation of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness (meaning \"well-being\")--rights that the government is sworn to protect?", "Half of this country\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s population is made up of horrified first generation immigrants, who are used to massive protest movements in their respective countries...Movements that fight till they win...\nHow many are willing to join me in a protest march in downtown Houston this  Friday evening?\n\nIt only takes a spark to get a fire going.", "It repeats itself,repeats itself,repeats itself. Nothing will be done Ever", "Dear congressman, no many of us do not forget the mass killings but the one thing we know is that Republicans will never do anything about it much like health care or a jobs bill, anything that helps the average American is either not on their radar or they are total failures at.", "Honestly, I'm tired of people sending \"thoughts and prayers\" after any shooting.  No more thoughts unless it involves gun control, please.  No more prayers if you support the NRA.  Worthless words...\"thoughts and prayers\".  Meaningless.  Maybe those who speak these words could find new phrases, like \"my actions and planning about gun control and background checks will support your loss\" or \"my phone call to politicians to limit automatic and semi-automatic weapons support your loss\" or \"my voting in the next election will support the sadness I feel for your loss\".     ", "No country in the contemporary common era would ever enshrine the right to obtain the means to massacre countless human beings and police officers--agents of the State. The unlawful killing of human beings is a quintessential insult to the sovereignty of the State and that our country continues to endure and tolerate such wanton acts of violence as a result of high-speed lead further erodes Americans faith and participation in democracy.\n\nAnt this is exactly what your congressmen and their lobbyists want--your patriotic apathy; for you to be so dejected and depressed that you just slink off into more digital click bait. A Netflix show actually got this type of thing just right. The show is called \"Bojack Horseman\" and the episode in season 4 is titled \"Thoughts and Prayers'...", "As a reader, my clicks went to write a note to Senator Marco Rubio. The Subject line was \"Las Vegas: Stop Mentally ill Persons from obtaining Fire Arms\". Copy/paste the email:\n\nMr. Rubio,\n\nIt is time to introduce and pass a bill to make us feel safe from a mass shooting. I understand the political cost but the human cost is greater.", "When I read mothers were sending their young daughters out as suicide bombers in the middle east I thought that so long as 'they' hate America more than they love their children we could never stop terrorists.\n\nAfter Sandy Hook I thought SURE Congress would love our children more than they love NRA dollars.\n\nAnd after Las Vegas will Congress heed America's fervent desire to end the slaughter of innocents, or will our cowards in DC just take another knee at the NRA's altar of money while piously repeating the GOP's hypocritical mass shooting mantra- \"A moment of silence while our hearts and prayers...\"?\n\nHearts and prayers aren't working. The crowd was full of 'good guys with a gun'- and it didn't help. And our so-called leaders fiddle away while our country burns and grieves.", "First every journalist, politician and supposedly sane American will designate themselves as qualified psychiatrists and like all shooters in the past confidently declare the suspect crazy. Therefore, of course, there is nothing we can do and anyone who speaks of solutions are not being respectful to the NRA, whoops, I mean their victims.", "I have basically given up the hope that our government will do something to curtail of gun violence.  Is the NRA more powerful than the Kochs?  How much money does it take to run an election campaign?  Ban gun shows?  Not happening.  Politicians:  Take that NRA money in the knowledge that you have blood on your hands", "Money is more valuable than lives. That has been made clear time and again. As Karl Marx reminds us: \"Capitalism will gladly sell the rope used to hang itself.\"\nActually it will be the firearms.", "My right to avoid gun violence trumps your right to amass an arsenal.", "This article rings true.  We must stop electing reelecting those who take money from the NRA and gun manufacturers. If your elected official claims he or she is pro-life, see if they take money from the NRA.  Those 59 people who were slaughtered in Las Vegas deserved to live and not die at the hands of a psychopathic killer who amassed so many guns.  If nothing gets done, we wait till the next mass shooting and continue to turn a blind eye to the gun violence around our country that has taken her like a pandemic.  I used to own semi-automatic rifles and went to a shooting range to target practice.  Now I want nothing to do with these weapons. To those who will say it was the man and not the gun who is to blame.  Ask yourself, could this crazed gunman have inflicted so much carnage with a knife?", "\"How was your first week of school?\" I ask our kindergartner. \"Well, we had a lock down drill right in the middle of snack time,\" he says. This is the new normal. Sweet Jesus. I for one am willing to march on Congress and sit there until something changes. Anyone else?", "You are absolutely right . Like all previous mass shooting  incidents, crocodile tears will be shed and forgotten.\nWhere there is no will , there is no way.", "Prayer isn't a condolence note; can Congress please stop using it that way? Matthew 6:6 says we should enter the closet to pray, get quiet, and listen for what God's will is. Matthew 6:19 doesn't ask God to do something so we do not have to. It acknowledges God (\"our father\") as all powerful and hallowed; that his will applies to our deeds and experience on earth, not just to our thoughts; that he supplies all our needs (we get bread, not just platitudes when we are hungry); that we must not just ask to be forgiven our own debts, but forgive the debts of others; and ask to be delivered from temptation and evil. It ends with giving God power over us (\"for thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory, forever\").\n\nI'd be very pleased if our elected officials actually did this. But they don't. The closet enter into is the closet of power, influence, and wealth. In there, they listen not to God, but fret over losing their jobs and hand over power to lobbyists.\n\nIf those in Congress \"sending thoughts and prayers\" actually prayed as the Bible says, they would question holding a job that requires them to put more guns in the hands of people who don't love their neighbors as themselves, but want to arm themselves to keep themselves safe.\n\nThis is a perversion of what the Bible tells us.\n\nCongress doesn't need to pray for the victims of mass shootings. They need to pray for themselves.", "Let's see: no guns allowed in the Capitol Building, White House, Supreme Court, State Houses, or even local court houses.\nHeck, even the NRA does not allow guns at their convention.\n\nAm I the only one who sees the hypocrisy here?", "\"I heard colleagues confide that any vote for gun safety would lower their N.R.A. scores, making them casualties in the next election.\"  Every spineless, political hack who cowtown to the NRA, itself a terrorist organization, should be ashamed of him or herself, and if he/she had any integrity whatsoever, withdraw from office.  So today, getting elected and staying in a nice cushy job is more important than having any morals, ethics, or dignity.  What a sad state of affairs in this nation.  Yet we blather on about how we are the \"greatest\" country on earth.  Many who know better would disagree.", "Connect the dots. Republicans refuse to appear in public the day after the shooting. Republican politicians are almost to a man adamantly opposed to any form of gun control. Republican politicians take contributions from the gun lobby. The gun lobby is making billions of blood-soaked dollars.  The NRA and other similar outfits have hundreds of thousands of members (millions?).  It is said these members who worship the 2nd amendment are standing up for their right to bear arms.  These people are not standing up for their gun rights, they don't support the NRA ,they don't vote for their nihilist Republican congressmen because of hunting, they are arming themselves against the federal government. Simple. Period.  As Hillary accurately but fatally put it, they are the Deplorables who gave us Trump.  Millions of Americans.  Let's face it, they are truly Deplorable and have blood on their hands.", "In a few weeks, Congress will vote to allow people to start buying silencers. They\u2019ll call it the \u201cHearing Protection Act.\u201d So future mass shootings will be quieter and likely more deadly because people may not hear the shots and be able to run. I\u2019ve had some job offers in other countries. I\u2019m probably going to take the next one that comes along while there\u2019s still time to get out of the mass mental illness called the \u201cUnited States\u201d. ", "Nevada is an open carry state. According to the NRA and its supporters it makes you safer because you can shoot the shooter. With potentially 22,000 handguns at the concert, why did no one try to shoot the shooter? Could it be that the NRA logic is false? ", "I have to give credit where credit is due--Red State politicians do a masterful job of changing the narrative from the crazed shooter who slaughters hundreds of innocent people with help from his lethal arsenal to the poor innocent gun owners who feel they are deliberately being singled out for punishment thanks to this horrific massacre.   This strategy works every time.  This is the reason that liberal fantasies of repealing the Second Amendment and gun control are doomed to fail.", "I'll refrain from sharing my thoughts on the Las Vegas shooting since some would find it, shameful, exploitative and pathetic so soon after the tragedy. Can the NRA and its supporters in congress and the media just give us one solid week of no mass shootings so we can finally have a dialogue?", "You're Right Steve. Unfortunately you're absolutely right. If we can sit back and shrug off the children at Sandy Hook Elementary School and all those in our towns and city's across our Country being butchered, we'll tolerate anything. This is not the cost of freedom, this is a sign of a decaying democracy.", "\"It's how they respond to mass shootings in ...\"\n\nI noticed you left out Bowling Green.\n\nAnd let me say, I get so sick or hearing about \"thoughts and prayers.\" It's time to go beyond thoughts and prayers (which do NO good) and go to action. But the GOP Congress will do nothing but make excuses and say that \"God\" saved them from death.\n\nIf there were a God, She would surely have come to our aid by now--unless She really is a Republican (and an NRA member). ", "The NRA is doing the happy dance as the sale of guns go up.  When congressman  Scalise was welcomed back with a standing ovation  it was too bad that the victims of gun violence with their bullet riddled bodies couldn't appear with him. Unfortunately nothing will change,the NRA has bought its slaves. Why are guns more important than lives?  Why are my granddaughters learning at age five the art of hiding behind desks or hiding in the bathroom if a stranger appears in their classroom, for gods sake please explain  this to me. I am not against the owning of guns, I am for some rules or regulations that recognize that lives should come first", "Dare I offer an alternative opinion to the NY Times anti-gun agenda?\nYes, we need restrictions on high capacity, military type assault weapons and other means of keeping certain guns out of the hands of the \"wrong\" people.  The problem is that the NRA thrives and preys on the fact that folks like Obama, Clinton, Bloomberg, Pelosi and others do not want only reasonable gun restrictions (read their own comments), they want a repeal of the 2nd Amendment.  Gun owners know this and while many do not support large parts of the NRA agenda, they end up pushing back on any kind of compromise on gun restrictions.  NY's SAFE Act was so arbitrary and capricious that many provisions of the Act cannot be and are not enforced and others have been repealed. Like every other issue in this country, we are simply too polarized and victimized by self-interested, dishonest politicians to pass any meaningful legislation to advance the common good. If and when the Democrats take control of Congress, I guarantee one of the biggest problems they won't take up is the re-districting that Steve Israel mentioned. Why? Because gerrymandered districts help Democrats retain their seats just like Republicans and so the polarization goes on and on and on....", "Buy More Guns!\nEverybody, run to your Gun Store.\nRUN.\nGive the Gun Manufacturers your money.\nThe Gun Manufacturers want more and more of your money.\nGive them hundreds of dollars. Thousands. Tens of thousands.\nHurry, hurry, hurry.\n\n\"The only way to stop a Bad Guy with 23 guns, is with a Good Guy with 23 guns.\"", " Sorry but I don't want to hear anything more about \"thoughts and prayers.\" Politicians aren't elected to pray. They are elected to legislate. Congress and the Senate have been pushed all the way to the hard right on this issue to the point where they have ceased to function as a cohesive legislative body.  Meanwhile we have irresponsible fools like Roy Moore waving revolvers around saying they support the second amendment.  This is going to keep happening again and again and again because our elected representatives have long ago ceased to care about the well being of their constituents. I think it's time we extend them the same courtesy.  I say we allow open carry in Congress and the Senate.  Let them settle their differences the old fashioned way; with a duel. At least it would make CSPAN more entertaining.  First take away their gold plated health benefits so they have to pay for what ever mayhem they inflict on each other out of their own pockets.  Your colleagues are worse than useless on this issue Mr. Israel. I wonder how they manage to sleep at night. I sincerely hope they can't. As to those of us who have the good sense to support common sense restrictions on firearms; we have marched, we have prayed, we have called our congressmen and senators, we have contributed to charity, we have sent out emails and we have voted in elections but, just as you observe, nothing ever happens.  There is only so much we can do Steve. This one is on you and your colleagues.  ", "The loss of lives, cost of treating injuries and disabilities and the loss to our workforce of valuable contributors should be enough to persuade our do nothing federal lawmakers of the jeopardy faced by families and the nation's well being each time a mass shooting or other incident occurs f   My stomach turns every time I see a GoFundMe page for funeral or medical costs.  I despise a government that is benefiting so many undertakers and coffin manufacturers.  ", "Tragically you don't have enough space to list all of the mass shootings in this country Mr. Israel.  Whenever I read lists of many that have occurred after each new shocking mow down of Americans going about their everyday lives, the 13 lives lost while attending a class on citizenship in Binghamton, New York on April 3, 2009 is invariably excluded.  This is my comment in memory of them.  The thoughts and feelings you have expressed here have echoed in my mind over and over again though I am not an elected official but rather a stunned, heartsick, and frustrated American citizen.", "Nothing is going to change, there's no money in it.", "We are in this,position today because too many Americans are outraged but do not vote.\nGet registered\nVote in very election\nDrive someone to the polls that needs a ride", "In Australia after a mass killing of 35 dead and 23 injured in Port Arthur, Tasmania, their assembly actually had people with a backbone and had a crackdown on firearms.\n\nAustralia had experienced mass shootings before, but the Port Arthur massacre shook the nation to its core. The assassin Martin Bryant, 24 y/o and imprisoned for life, was later assessed to have the IQ of an 11-year-old. He told investigators that he\u2019d paid cash for firearms at a local gun dealer.\n\nThe Australian government subsequently introduced the National Firearms Agreement \u2014 legislation that outlawed automatic and semi-automatic rifles, as well as pump-action shotguns. A nationwide gun buyback scheme also saw more than 640,000 weapons turned in to authorities.\n\nThe brave Australian members lost their seats,but not ONE mass killing since! \n\nhttps://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/port-arthur-massacre-shooting-spree-c...\n\nA year ago our president Barack ObamaIf said that \u201cIf you look at the number of Americans killed since 9/11 by ISIS/Al-Qaeda terrorism, it\u2019s less than 150. If you look at the number killed by gun violence, IT\u2019S IN THE TENS OF THOUSANDS.\u201d  \n\nTrump said NOTHING on Twitter for five hours as it wasn\u2019t ISIS. THIS is domestic terrorism. Most mass killings are done by white American males.\n\nWe are one of only a few countries that allows private ownership.\n\nIt\u2019s time to get rid of our cowboy mentality. NO reason to sell semi-automatic weapons that convert to automatic!", "After the Sandy Hook massacre I thought there was a good chance that some sensible gun regulation might be possible because the victims were children......I was wrong.  After a record number of Americans were slaughtered in Orlando at the Pulse Nightclub I was sure something would be done......I was wrong.  I would love to see something come out of the tragic events in Las Vegas... but I fear I will be wrong again.  ", "Does anyone really believe that some law or other is really going to stop these potshot killers?\nWith what they say are 300million firearm residing in these United States, is a law likely to bring them all to book?\nThis crisis has been brewing for a half century or more. Guns have won.\nMaybe something can be done with ammo. How about ammo that decomposes to dust after 90 days, followed buy severe regulation of same?", "No hope for gun control or more importantly, global warming. Greed killed the human species, a fatal flaw. ", "Humans are too emotionally unpredictable and vulnerable to mental illness to possess firearms in any capacity.  The USA has made its policy clear and must live with the consequences.", "John McCain, knowing what he's facing, lived up to his reputation as a hero and a maverick when he did the right thing by voting No on repealing the ACA.  I would hope, he would once again demonstrate that courage and do the right thing now - put country over party and throw down the gauntlet.  Stand up to the NRA along with the other cowards in your party who for the sake of the almighty dollar and their lack of a moral core, while wringing their hands, offering empty platitudes and look the other way.\n\nCome on John, just do it - a heartbroken America will be forever grateful.  Stop the carnage.", "Congress is probably going to let children go without health insurance...", "Lobbyists for the gun industry have too much control over our laws and lives.\nWhy? They did not get elected by us. Who is running our country?\nWhat are these lobbyists names? And who are they wine-n-dining with?", "It takes a Gandhian fast, strike, civil disobedience to make yourself heard. When there is a will there is always a way. I will join you if you make the call. ", "Until the financing of our elections is changed, until lobbying and gun laws are changed, until we elect those who aren't self-serving, craven, greedy representatives who serve those who give them the most money and until we find a way to stop brainwashing our electorate with AM Hate Radio, Fox News, Breitbart, etc., we will continue to have horrific mass shootings.", "What will it take for new restriction to be put on gun ownership?\n1 a mass shooting in the Senate and/or House of Representatives chambers.\n2 several mass shootings at weapons manufacturing facilities\n3 a mass shooting at NRA offices\n4 a mass shooting at an NRA-related event\n5 an assignation of one or more persons in the highest levels of government\n\nuntil five such atrocities take place, money will simply drown out calls for reform.", "Since men are responsible to 80 percent  of violent crime, perhaps we should have a law that a man not be allowed to own a gun unless he is over age 90 and has a note from his mother.", "When keeping up on Dancing with the Stars is more important, well...", "That's right.\n\nAnd nothing changed after Sandyhook, despite the abject hole of evil there with kindergartners. I can't even think about it and the parents.\n\nAnd in the case of Sandyhook with the children, the NRA was reeling. But unfortunately Mr. Obama didn't strike while the iron was hot (and I think it's the greatest regret and soul-ache of his presidency). Instead he sent Joe Biden off to study the situation for some weeks and then report back.", "\u201cThis horrific event will recede into our collective memory.\u201d Maybe for some, but NEVER for me. Columbine, Sandy Hook, The Emanuel 9, Orlando, and no Vegas will always be etched in my memory. As a Nation we need continuous action to mitigate reoccurrences and to heal our bleeding hearts. My heart still aches to this day regarding the senseless loss of children, my heart still aches from the loss of my dear friend and prayer partner from the Emanuel 9, my heart aches from Orlando and now the wounds that have never healed are wide opened again from Vegas. \n\nThe ridiculous thing about this are the individuals who negate the pain we feel by calling these shootings a hoax or blaming liberals or the Clintons for the recent shootings. Crazy, that they don\u2019t recognize there are bad actors in every race and refuse to accept that their ingestion of such hateful rhetoric spews the pot even more. I\u2019m beyond disgusted, but no wonder gun laws haven\u2019t changed if our politicians read that garbage. Yes, I understand freedom of speech, but if you use it to desensitize Americans to the truth and pain of mass murders, you are just as guilty. \n\nCongress ACT NOW!", "It's because greed trumps courage", "It has been my observation for decades that the greatest threat to public safety and peace is the male:  in our society, the white male.  We regulate the hormones of women if they have postpartum depression.  We regulate the hormones of women if they don't want to have children.  But we completely ignore the hormonal activity of men, especially men from about age 15 to 30, who no longer \"fit\" the crowded, 21st century society.  We allow these unregulated \"weapons of mass destruction\" to own other weapons of mass destruction.  It doesn't start with the guns:  it starts with the craving for domination, the craving for power, and the relatively recent realization that this domination and power will, for the future, move to other humans of different colors, different sexes.  It is time for Big Pharma to start thinking about how to help men peacefully coexist into the 22nd century. The man who committed this atrocity in Las Vegas was the outlier at his age.  We know the statistics of who commits most violence of all sorts, and from ISIS to Boko Haram, to Chicago, it is young men.  Someday the world will wake up, as one country after another is bombed into oblivion, and face the real threat to the continued existence of the human race. Gun Control is necessary, but it is the secondary issue.", "Trump, I expect, has no infatuation with guns, but he does have an instinct for the lowest, lowest, lowest common denominator.  So, he will do and say nothing.", "This incident, will change the debate. Not for any other good reason than the way it was documented audibly and visually.  Some might say this should have been the case with Sandy Hook...and yes, it should have...but while it had the record and still photos of those innocent lives lost...it did not have this unrelenting visual.  But this video...the forum in which it took place...the victims...the shooter...the image of the broken out windows in the hotel.  Somehow...it just ends the debate on the need and even the \"right\" to bear assault firearms.  I believe the Constitutional amendment for the right to bear arms , was not for hunting, but for the citizenry to have in their power the ability to protect their rights.  And as sacred as that was...it is waning.  The time is right.  It needs a champion who will not play into the hands of those who have defended the right to own assault weapons.  It IS giving up power of the individual..but, so be it.  Should a person be allowed to have a nuclear weapon- no, a bomb - no, an assault weapon - probably not, a long rifle-YES, a shotgun - yes, a handgun - probably no.  This is a long way from where I stood a year ago, heck...even 24 hours ago.  If anyone reads this, I'm sure it may cause outrage from both sides.  I'm just telling you where I am at, and where many like me may be as well.  So those for gun control,  this could be your opportunity,  if you have the right champion.  No Debbie Wasserman's need apply.  Sanders, ...perhaps.", "The best way to fight back against the gun lobby, the N.R.A., and the politicians who enable these pathological forces is to shed light on which Congresspeople sponsor which bills in the U.S. Congress. One place to find out is Congress.gov. The current House Bill on gun silencers \"H.R.367 - Hearing Protection Act of 2017\" seeks as follows: \"This bill amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) eliminate the $200 transfer tax on firearm silencers, and (2) treat any person who acquires or possesses a firearm silencer as meeting any registration or licensing requirements of the National Firearms Act with respect to such silencer. Any person who pays a transfer tax on a silencer after October 22, 2015, may receive a refund of such tax. The bill amends the federal criminal code to preempt state or local laws that tax or regulate firearm silencers.\" The bill's sponsor (Rep. Jeff Duncan (R-SC) and its 165 cosponsers are found here: https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/367/cosponsors Congresspeople sponsoring \"gun freedom\" bills like this one need to hear from citizens who are tired of what I call gun-freedom murder, and be voted out of office if they continue to do a song and dance to protect gun industry profits. H.R. 367 is active right now. I, for one, am demanding that Speaker Paul Ryan immediately pull H.R. 367 from any further consideration, and bring any and all pending or shelved gun control bills to the floor as swiftly as possible. ", "So tell me how the gun lobby's illogical addage (the only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun) works here... A man holed up in a hotel room with an arsenal that could outfit a small army. It's time to put the safety of society ahead of an individual right granted 200 years ago.", "Trump has told us many times that he would keep us safe.  He identified the threats to our safety: Mexican rapists, killers, and drug dealers; ISIS, immigrants in general, Muslims in particular; blacks in the ghetto with their drugs and guns; you can complete this list for yourself.\nWhat he certainly did not identify as a threat was white guys in their 60\u2019s living in a gated community with lots and lots of automatic weapons.  He has never mentioned the weapons themselves as a threat to our safety and security that he has promised to protect.  He\u2019s promised to keep us safe.  He\u2019s worried about opioids pouring over the border from Mexico when in fact most of the opioids come from drug manufacturers\u2019 right here at home.\nLet me toss out just one example; we could take all the money that he wants to spend on a worthless wall that won\u2019t accomplish a thing and use it for a national gun buy backs.  Buy backs have worked locally and will work nationwide.  They buy back can be properly framed as what it truly is, a patriotic act to make American safe again.  Every weapon of mass destruction taken out of our communities makes us incrementally safer.  The president can show real leadership;,  instead of being a blow hard constantly acting as his own critic and marketing department and giving himself A grades for pretty much everything he does; he could lead the Congress to pass an assault weapons ban.  ", "From where I sit,  SCOTUS has declared that a corporation is a person.\nI think the NRA is incorporated.\nSince the NRA can't bleed if it is shot with an automatic weapon, then Congress will do nothing.\nThis is the law of the land.", "Keep protesting ? Stop voting such politicians in?", "Presidents and civil rights leaders assassinated. Children murdered in cold blood. Ordinary people whose lives were stopped by a bullet. And as you state so eloquently Mr. Israel, only a moment of silence in response. We are a country inured to gun violence. Today the stocks of gun manufacturers went up anticipating the increased purchase of firearms. This is America?", "Your last paragraph is so unfair. We have urged Congress to do something, anything!, to curb this violence. We are ignored. I can write all the letters in the world to Congress, but unless its members grow a collective spine and stand up to the venal NRA, nothing will change.", "This afternoon I sent the following to my Congressional representatives all of whom are Democrats: \n\nRe:   Guns and the Las Vegas Massacre\n\nI fully expect my representatives to speak loudly and bluntly against the ease with which guns and ammunition are available, and to continue speaking for serious gun control until those measure are reached. \n\nThose in Congress and the NRA, who work to make gun purchases easier share the responsibility for this latest massacre just as they shared responsibility for all the other massacres made possible by Congressional inaction and stupidity. \n\nThose \u201cthoughts, prayers and broken hearts\u2019 are not enough to comfort the grieving.   They are empty platitudes that insult the dead, wounded and survivors of any massacre.   In place of the banality of \u2018thoughts and prayers,\u2019 let\u2019s have serious gun control measures as do other civilized countries. \n\nEven as the Congressional minority, it\u2019s still very possible to make a lot of noise and disrupt the usual pathetic reasons for not supporting gun control even as the White House begins the usual response that \u2018it\u2019s too early to start talking about gun control.\u2019   Shame and more shame. \n\nI hope that Steve Israel\u2019s op-ed in today\u2019s New York Times is not correct and this time Congress will become human beings and not surrogates of the NRA.\n.......\n\nOne hope this time there is enough pressure on Congress to represent the health and safety of the public, and not the NRA.   ", "There is no way anything is going to change about guns in America, no matter how many people, anywhere, of whatever age.  Disgusting and infuriating, but there it is.  I'm surprised you can't buy howitzers at the army/navy store.  ", "Of the five states with the most mass shootings, ttps://www.bustle.com/articles/126674-the-5-states-with-the-most-mass-shootings-in-2015-account-for-a-shocking-percentage-of , four have gun laws that are among the toughest in the country.  https://www.deseretnews.com/top/1428/0/10-states-with-the-strictest-gun-...   I have never owned a gun.  You could ban all guns and it wouldn't botherme.  But I am aware that many law-abiding people oppose most gun restrictions.  So I have looked online at impartial statistics and impartial accounts.  I suggest that other gun control advocates do the same thing.  I can't find much evidence that strict gun laws work.  If I could, I would tell you. ", "How come congress supports the \"freedom\" of anyone to buy or own guns without any background checks or restraints, but not the freedom to attend a concert, go to a movie, dance, or even go to school without getting killed?.\nMr. Israel is right. Our leaders are not leading. We are not powerless, but we are distracted. We need to call Congress every day and demand gun control laws. We need to demand action or we will vote out those do-nothings. We need to protest this, have marches, die-ins. We need to do this often, not only after a mass shooting. 2018 is almost here, we need to run for office or find someone running who will oppose the NRA. and get behind them We need to fund the gun control groups. We need to make this issue NOT go away. ", "What kind of people are we electing who care nothing for human life. what about doing something simply because it's right.", "What is it about our society that is isolating these shooters?  happy content socially connected people dont do this", "Maybe this time will be different.  There's cell phone footage of the massacre taking place, images and sounds people will never forget.  The shootings took place during a country music festival in a public square, so that at similar events from now on, people will look over their shoulders, feeling exposed.  And also unlike past shootings, there's no possible fantasy here that an armed man in the right place could have prevented everything.  \n\nThis is the nightmare.  Stephen Paddock was the kind of man all the politics of gun laws are supposed to protect, the poster-man for whom all those rights, leniencies and compromises are made for, to legally buy guns and not do anything horrible with them.  He's not some weird kid living at home with his mom (Colombine) or a shaved-head spouting crazy talk (Gabrielle Giffords shooting) or a nut who'd pledged allegiance to ISIS (Orlando).  Stephen Paddock was that true-blue retired white guy next door, who we suppose bought his guns legally or, if he illegally rigged them to go full-auto, certainly we assume wouldn't do anything crazy.\n\nBut he DID go crazy... crazy in a way that nobody saw coming, and in a way nobody can ever un-see.  Like 9/11, THIS CHANGES EVERYTHING.  Vegas will NEVER be the same.  We'll NEVER walk the Strip among the tall buildings the same way ever again.   Every other shooting was \"somewhere else.\"  This one was in a place we all know, like Disneyworld.  \n\nSo maybe, at last, the tide may finally turn. ", "Your your third point, Mr. Israel, is right on the mark. We voters must come to understand that your congressional colleagues who publicly weep and pray for victims of mass murder on our soil and then do nothing to reduce the carnage, have oceans of blood on their hands.\n\nAnd when we enthusiastically reelect them, so do we. Our malaise doesn't relieve us of our citizens' responsibility to care for one another by voting with our eyes and hearts open.", "Thank you for sharing how things work in our nation's capitol. ", "I disagree.\n\nThe death toll may be 59, but the morbidity on the American psyche will be much more permanent in the millions. Each event will sensitize the next catastrophe. Columbine, Sandy Hook, Las Vegas have their ghosts, but now is the time of national mourning. Healing takes time, and only when the emotions have faded, rational action will commence effectively, as a group, as the next voting generation (currently the millennials). As sentiments boil over, I tend to not look forward, outward to put things in perspective, but to look back, to tap into the inner strength, to find peace, to see the goodness in others, the American people that make our flag, our Constitution, and even the bible more than just a piece of cloth, a papyrus of scripts.  In looking back, I was able to find a video published before the shooting that was therapeutic. Put yourself on the 32nd floor of Mandalay Bay, then watch this video. When I was working at the University Hospital also across from the stadium, on Saturday mornings, when the suffering in the hospital became too unbearable, I would go to the 12th floor where there is a lounge to see the game from above. It would renew my faith in the human existence, hopefully the same for all. The media would do more justice talking about gun measures not now, but during the next mid-term and presidential election, when we have passed many of the stages of healing, and we will, have been...\n\nhttp://www.espn.com/video/clip?id=20866964&amp;amp;sf117971247=1", "Third, the problem is you, the reader. You\u2019ve become inoculated. You\u2019ll read this essay and others like it, and turn the page or click another link. You\u2019ll watch or listen to the news and shake your head, then flip to another channel or another app. This horrific event will recede into our collective memory.\n\nNo, the problem isn't us readers.  It is immoral politicians without any conscience.  This is on your heads.", "I have had many such discussions with family members who believes gun control is a government sponsored effort to take away arms from average people so they cannot form a militia to protect themselves from the government, that headless monster who is coming to destroy our \"freedom.\"  Nothing can change their minds; no study, no massacre...nothing.  I called a family member to ask what he thought about this latest carnage and he stopped himself just short of saying it was a \"left wing radical liberal targeting conservatives at  a country music concert.\"  Probably something he heard on talk-radio.....Money and fear are a powerful combination.  A deadly one in fact.", "Congressman Israel: You are absolutely right. Nothing will change after the Las Vegas shooting. There is no number of homicides that will get GOP legislators to buck the NRA lobby, who owns them. The Vegas horror is just another notch on the gunmen's clip belts in the long string of the murdering of innocents: Newtown, Orlando, San Bernardino, now Vegas. Non-military people possessing military-grade weapons of mass destruction. We have the GOP congress to thank. If there were ever a time to exercise our voting power, we can at least initiate gun control legislation by Democrats taking back the House and Senate next year.", "Seeing that not even a pile of dead children, massacred inside their own school, could move this country to change its mind about gun control, why should anything change after Las Vegas?\n\nNothing will change.\n\nThe next mass shooting will come. And like a well-rehearsed routine, people will say \u201cpray for XYZ\u201d, senators will claim something needs to change, and the gun lobby will respond not to use such a tragic incident for a political agenda. I gave up hoping for anything to change during my life time.\n\nOther countries should start issuing travel warnings, because the U.S have become a failed state when it come to their obsession with guns \u2013 a war zone run by a government that submits to a terrorist organization called the NRA.", "It's all about money, like everything else in America.", "We all know the definition of insanity. We will now confirm that definition. We will pray. We will praise the 1st responders. We will line up for hours to donate blood. We will have vigils for the dead and their families. We will do the same thing we always do. And in doing so will confirm our insanity. We are the blind lemmings. Imprisoned by some long dead western myth that guns mean freedom perpetuated by millionaire gun manufacturers.  WHERE IS THE OUTRAGE?  STOP THE INSANITY?", "With all due respect Congressman Israel, it's not us the readers that's are fault as you stated in your editorial. We have tried and we are still trying but we have for the most part failed . So many gun safety groups sprung up after Newtown and were met with absurd and illogical gun ideology from gun activists about the sanctity of preserving the Second Amendment apparently over preserving the sanctity of life .\n    Democrats have tried , a few Republicans have tried . The responsibility for doing nothing rests solely on the majority of Republicans in Congress as they are the ones preventing any sensible legislation to reign in this scourge of gun violence on our country .\n      Nothing will be done when you have absurd voices from the NRA and elsewhere galvanizing the gun fanatics in this country .\n      Truly shameful. And I'm sure Russia will be pouncing all over this to divide us even more .\n       God help us .", "Little by little we become inured to the dangers all around us, no matter how horrible.  After all, it mostly happens to other people, not to us. We mouth our platitudes. Thoughts and prayers, expressions of horror, grief, sadness pass and life goes on because it must. But little by little a hopelessness sets in. We are sitting ducks to the random or deliberate acts of evil that can take each and every one of us and our loved ones at the blink of an eye and change our world forever.\n\nLast weekend up here in Edmonton Alberta where we have viewed the horrors of death by your mass murderers from a safe distance, a hate filled deranged Somali refugee man tried to run over and then stab a policeman to death, and four hours later tried to drive a large van into a crowd of people. We are not safe, not one of us.\n\nAnd yet, we cannot fathom why you make it so easy. The weapons are getting ever more powerful, spit out up to 800 bullets per minute. And now the gun aficionados want silencers for them so all this deadly carnage will even more impossible to stop. \n\nSteve Israel is right. There is no threshold for when enough will be enough. The answer will always be, \"We need more guns, because we need to defend ourselves from people who have guns.\" ", "how about 500 shot dead?  5000 wounded?  all in a mass shooting by several white male Americans with automatic weapons?  would that be enough to spark Congressional action?  5000 dead?  what is the threshold of power maintained by the ERA past which even Congress is forced to act?  How much is enough?  Perhaps there isn't a number?", "Instead of just labeling them as wackos, perhaps we should learn about the legitimate objections by the gun supporters, and with them, prepare legislation that addresses their concerns.", "Here's where you are wrong, Congressman Israel.\nThe suggestion that the 'third problem' is the public.\nWe do not, as you say , 'inoculate' ourselves from the problem and 'turn the page'. You stated earlier in the piece that 80% of Americans want sensible gun legislation.\nWe do, and we have for a very long time.\nCongress owns this.  It's members are slaves to a very small minority of Americans. They care too much about retaining their personal power than they do about the interests of the majority of Americans.", "Excuse me, Mr. Israel, but with all due respect, we are not the third problem. The vast majority of New York Times readers either vote for candidates who support gun control, or live in Red states where their votes count for essentially nothing. \n\nYou want to know which American citizens are the problem here? That's easy. Every. Single. Republican. Voter. Every one of them. But for them, we would have representatives who would vote in the best interests of all our citizens. \n\nOnce again (after so many of these mass murders), Republican voters have blood on their hands. They are all culpable. There is absolutely nothing the rest of us can possibly do to change their deranged views on gun ownership. We could have had shooting deaths in Las Vegas last night into the hundreds, or even thousands, and they wouldn't care.\n\nBut since you're an elected official, why not give it try? How about presenting the same arguments you've made here on Fox News, or Breitbart, and see how far you get. \n\nYou're right that this latest horrific shooting will change nothing. But to say that those of us who vote Democratic have any control over events is ridiculous. If it were up to us, sensible gun control would have been enacted decades ago.", "everything this shooter did from owning automatic weapons to shooting people was against the law.  The feds handle registration and licensing of automatic weapons and this guy broke all the laws.  Clearly, more laws are useless.  Mexico , which has a total country ban on weapons has criminals everywhere who are armed and a law abiding population with nothing.  With over 300 million people, there will be a couple of criminal minds who do these things and all the laws in the world will have no effect on them. ", "As Wayne LaPierre from the NRA would say: \"The only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun, is a good guy with a gun.\" But it sounds like there were some people there with guns, including police, who couldn't get a shot at the guy. \n\nSo is the NRA now going to say; in order to keep people'safe' we should not only have guns in our schools, but we should have snipers on roofs during events with large gatherings? \n\nSounds like more government intrusion to me. ", "Please vote your conscience and remember the victims, the families of the victims and the survivors of these tragedies when you are in the voting booth. DO NOT be intimidated by a bunch of older men (NRA), whose sole purpose is to increase the profits of the gun manufacturers.", "Gun owners I know cannot even quote the second amendment correctly.  I had an argument with a guy over the meaning of the comma after \"A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State,\".  He insisted that the comma meant that there were two separate issues in the amendment, and that there was actually no requirement for a well regulated militia.\n\nI do think that things will slowly change, but you're right, Mister Israel.  Sadly, nothing will change soon.", "To say this is not the time to talk about gun control is like telling those who take knee during the National Anthem this is not the way to protest. False logic.  ", "The size of the pistol one packs\nrelates to the simplest of facts:\nOne's simply devoid,\nto quote my friend Freud,\nof that which belongs in one's slacks. ", "Suppose only 1% of gun owners are crazy... Now multiply by approximately 50,000,000 gun owners in the US... Worried yet? ... \n\nThe National Institutes of Mental Health states that about 26% of adults in the USA suffer from diagnosable mental disorders, and that about 6% suffer \"serious mental illness\". \n\nAssuming half of these are not diagnosed for purposes of gun ownership, that still totals about 1,500,000 gun owners with serious mental illness in the USA...\n\nIt's too late, already.", "But WE still have The Best Congress $$$$$ Can Buy. \n\nNot only according to Mark Twain, Will Rogers, and Philip M. Stern, just three among many observant Americans who, for generations, knew a thing or two about the corrupting influence of money in our politics, but now Mr. Israel a former congressman. ", "If the gun lobby wants to be extreme \u2013 \u201cEveryone gets a howitzer! No restrictions on anything!\u201d \u2013 then the rest of us should do the same. \"Unless you are a well-regulated militia, you can\u2019t have a gun.\" That\u2019s what the Constitution says. Gun locks and background checks? Nope, not enough. Why should we meet the NRA extremists half way, when they won\u2019t move an inch toward the middle? Constitutional purism! Guns are for the use of a well-regulated militia, as stated in the 2nd Amendment, and gun ownership should be limited accordingly.", "    Americans have been screaming for gun control for ages and been ignored because fat cat republicans paid by the NRA won't have it. They falsely misinterpret the Constitution to encourage shooters to aim their guns at us. There is even a new bill on the books to allow silencers on guns! That way the shooters can kill us quietly! Congratulations Congress. You were present in Vegas just as surely as if you did the shooting yourself simply because you do not heed the will of the people and you not care for our safety.\n   We want gun control. Background checks are not enough. The mentally ill don't usually confide in in the gun store owner nor even to family. Gun control means no guns unless you are hunting deer NOT Dear Ones.", "In Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet, the dying Mercutio cries out \"A plague on both your houses.\" My mind keeps going back to the scene in The Ten Commandments when one of the plagues arrives in the form of a deadly green cloud that makes its way through the village until it kills the firstborn child of every Egyptian family, including the son of the Pharaoh (Ramses). Substitute the word \"Republican\" for \"Egyptian\" and gun control laws might suddenly become very popular. As has been proven with AIDS, Alzheimer's, and other plagues, Republicans don't care about such afflictions until their own families succumb to them.", "Every Representative and Senator who refuses to address the proliferation of deadly, military style weapons in this nation, is complicit in murder.", "The hypocritical GOP Congress calls for prayer, prayer is always good, but they are using it as a shield to pass more privileges for gun owners; this time they're passing a bill to make it easy to get gun silencers; with gun silencers, the police would not have known where the shooter was positioned;NRA has become a rogue unit without reason, other than greed, or logic: what do you care about? gun owners rights OR murder of innocents;Do you want a Congress dedicated to We, the People and Our Common Good OR a Congress dedicated to their NRA SCORE?\nThe simple answer is to vote  out all GOP Congress.  But that's hard since the Republicans have gerrymandered all districts.  And that's going to the Supreme Court which has Gorscuch & Thomas, Scalia wannabes.  Do something to change the far right control of government because they are undoing democracy.  Do something before its too late.", "Politicians are unwilling or unable to act. How about a referendum? National would be best, but multiple states might work... tho a bit scary when the voter behind you is armed.", "I have supported reasonable gun control for over 50+ years.  After every tragedy, I hope common sense will prevail.  I was in Germany when the children in Newtown, Ct. school were slaughtered.  Almost every German I spoke with was horrified and could not understand why the USA tolerates such madness.   Strangers spoke to me with tears in their eyes.  I had/have no answer to anyone for the madness we allow to exist in our country.   It is insanity.  My husband owns a prized rifle.  He grew up in the Adirondacks and they ate the deer they killed.  He is as grieved as I am.   He is a gentle man.  Now we have crazies who can own hundreds of killing machines.  We are crazy!", "\"Nothing will change\".\n\nOh yes it will.  I will dedicate the rest of my life to this cause.\n\nI will promote and vote for people who are against guns and the \"right\" of people to own them over the inalienable right of people to life.\n\nWhen was the last massacre against enemies of the US?   When was the last time those with guns protected us instead of killed us?   Was it ISIS that invaded the theater, the elementary school, the park or concert?  Has ISIS ever masterminded a group shoot against children or music lovers?\n\nIt was Americans with guns.  They are clearly the enemy.  And this is war.  ", "Considering how many Republicans were killed and wounded, I'm sure at least some Republicans in Congress will support gun restrictions. ", "When the defacto President Elect Bobby Kennedy and Martin Luther King were killed one after another, it was clear USA will never change and continue its free fall. The NRA is the same as the Tobacco companies and the international bankers who fund non-stop war. The next shooting will have over 100 dead and 1000 wounded.", "Mr. Israel knows no formal probe is yet made; so no facts exist to make reasoned conclusions.  It seems, instead an additional ready-made op-ed based on sentiment, and special interests. Mr. Trump obviously received direct fire across his bow.  And here one assumes Clinton and Obama went into retirement.  The radical Left is alive and firing.", "The reason Congress will do nothing is that they are bought by the NRA to do nothing.", "Sad, but true. If a gunman got into the Capital during a State of The Union speech and killed half of Congress, then perhaps something might be done.", "The only game that one hunts that would necessitate a 40 round magazine walks on 2 legs. ", "Correct. Nothing will change.  \n\nUntil those who claim to be \"pro life\" decide that they hold human life just as sacred as their \"right\" to kill.", "Boycott Las Vegas and Orlando vacation travel.  Cause economic pain. When business loses money gun control will come!", "Fine article. Except some of us \"READERS\" have been asking for change from a DO NOTHING Congress for years. Out of curiosity, I just checked out the \"NRA\" Website. Nothing is ever mentioned about massive abuse of firearm ownership. It's all about \"Freedom\". Freedom to kill without consequence? Freedom to \"Let off Steam\" with an assault weapon and murder and maim scores of people? Freedom to KILL? No, America will never  be \"GREAT\" again. ", "Stop saying zero action from Congress and say zero action from Republicans....   This is all about Republicans, bought and paid for by a $5 billion a year industry.  ", "In my (Born & Raised) Southern Credo, they'd say,\n\n\"If you don't do Nothin(g), Nothin(g) ain't happenin(g).\"\n\nI love those double and even sometimes triple+ negatives.", "If there is enough of the shooter's brain left to study, I'm betting a brain tumor will be found.", "Not sure why the media even bothers reporting mass shootings anymore. This is hardly even news anymore. 59 dead a big deal? Next one will be worse.", "Once I told my husband if you have a weapon you will use it. And he did a few years later. He killed himself while deployed to Bosnia. He was an American soldier.", "Mr Israel is absolutely right, the problem is not Congress, the problem is the voters.\nYes, the system is awful and corrupt, but voters get the politicians they elect, in primaries and in elections.\nIf we want better politicians, who will not be swayed by lobbying, then we need to vote based on policies and opinions rather than on attack ads. \n\nYou read this and probably nod in agreement. \n\nBut then next election you see an ad saying \"Mr. X was accused of molesting a 12-year-old boy\" or \"Ms Y filed false tax-returns for 3 straight years,\" with apparent supporting evidence in each case, and you say to yourself: \"OK, I hate attack ads, but even still, that kind of behavior is going too far\" and so you do not support that candidate ...\n\n... and the NRA wins. \n\nEveryone has some skeletons in a closet, every one has people willing to stand up (perhaps in return for some favor) and say what awful people we are, how corrupt and dishonest we are ... \n\nWhat the NRA does is find these skeletons, find these people, spend money on focus groups to find exactly the right way and time to pitch this scandalous news about the candidates they oppose, and likewise, find positive stories and block negative stories about the candidates they support. \n\nHowever, the NRA cannot actually vote for these candidates. Only we can do that. \n\nNext election, vote for the candidate who stands for what you stand for, and ignore the attack ads. That way, we can beat the NRA. ", "Why?\n\nBecause, as one of our most brilliant Presidents (ever) noted, that when people are afraid, they cling to their guns and to their religion and to their tribes.\n\nUntil we fully understand the truth of that statement we will ...  well, cling to our guns and to our religion and to our tribes. ", "You can make all these emotional pleas about doing \"something\" but none of you are advocating anything that would have prevented this incident in Las Vegas.\n\nYou're not going to get in the United States, a total ban on semi auto weapons like Australia. ", "How many more days are left before we get to \"it's time to put this behind us and move on?'", "I'd be willing to bet that Donald Trump will exploit the inevitable - but short-lived - gun control cri de coeur that will come from the LV shootings.\n\nHe will use this issue, as he has so many others, to further divide and polarize, pitting wild-eyed liberals who want to take away citizens' guns vs. the 2nd Amendment lovin', MAGA crowd.  \n\nThis is an issue straight from the divide and conquer playbook - DT won't be able to resist.\n\nJust wait until he and Mrs. T. get back from handing out rice and beans in San Juan.\n\nNOT my president", "Is it too soon to talk about why our flags are at half mast again.  And again, and again ...  The NRA and its congressional lackeys can all go to Heller (v D.C), and they will.  We are being political if we cry out, but the madmen's acts are non-political???  It is hard to imagine a more overtly political act than slaughtering total strangers at a concert, in a nightclub, or in an elementary school.  And these killers were no more Muslim than McVeigh.\nHow are the mentally ill, or the enraged 'temporarily insane' covered by a provision about 'well-regulated militia'?  Why do criminals have a constitutional right to military grade weapons?  Because it makes exciting TV?\nStephen Paddock and most of the other mass murders will not stand trial due to suicide or death by cop.  So who is responsible beyond them, no one?  Or do the people who promote the idea that killing people is OK for anybody to do and sell the weapons that make it easy bear some culpability?\nWho will speak for the victims?  What justice under law will they receive, the dead, the wounded, the families?\nI will not be silent.  How can you remain silent?", "I am glad to notice the author did not even mention the fraudulent second amendment. There is no constitutional right to bear arms. It never existed. When gun proponents run out of arguments to defend unrestricted gun ownership (and the run out fast) they always fall back on the second amendment. It regulates arms of militia and not of private citizens stocking semi-automatic weapons.\nWe will only make progress if we change the narrative. The facts are on the side of gun control, but the religious like cult of gun rights favors a fringe of emasculated whimps.", "You\u2019re right Steven. I gave up and moved to Australia where there is sensible gun laws. Good luck America, you\u2019re gonna need it.", "We are a sad country where profits of gun manufacturers are more important than our lives. Please vote the Republicans out -- they support the radical NRA.", "I believe in the right of the American people to keep and bear muskets.", "\"Third, the problem is you, the reader.\"  Hey, don't blame me. Between working 10 hours a day to hang on to health insurance and otherwise keep my head above water in the current plutocracy, and trying to get enough sleep, I barely have time to read this newspaper. At least I'm not being paid to do nothing about this shameful situation.", "With the GOP it is never about lives, it's always about money.", "Gun carnage is not \"the price we pay for freedom\"; it is the price we pay for making money the highest good, the only thing that matters. Congressmen and Senators know in their hearts that allowing this to continue is ripping us apart. The same Congressmen (I am looking at you Ryan) who are all teary eyed and sentimental about the \"rights\" of the \"unborn\" frankly don't give a hoot if that same fetus once developed an delivered is murdered by a gun. Their seats in Congress and the perks that go with it are far more important. Better to be a visitor at the Billionaires' Banquet than lift a finger to save the living from the carnage that results from the weapon manufacture's greed for ever larger profits. \n\nIt isn't just the shooters who are to blame. It is the corporate greed that seeks ever greater markets to exploit, and the shareholder who cares not in the least if his dividend is dripping in blood. They gladly hold the rifle while the shooter pulls the trigger. ", "Steve, one thing we don't need is more politics and \"ready, fire, aim.\" \n\nCount me among those who want to see more restrictive gun laws, but if you seriously think that's going to stop madmen from violence, you're wrong. \n\nWe've created the whackos who pull the triggers. If there were fewer guns, they'd still find them. So will the gangbangers on the street. Least restrictive environment legislation has put more timebombs on the street too. \n\nWe all know the media owns a signifcant causal part of thisse tragic traumas. Let's reduce the number of guns. It can help. But no way is it enough to stop the killings. Our society has somehow created these monsters. \n\nPerhaps, a return to values and morals could help. It can't hurt.", "No the problem isn't me the reader. I vote in each and every election and choose to live in a progressive state. I don't own and a gun and would suggest that others don't as well. Yes I turn the page because you know what? Its painful to keep contemplating events like this or the death of children at the hands on a madman. If the shootings at Newton, CT couldn't change politicians minds then absolutely nothing will. So take your sanctimonious attitude elsewhere.\n\nI have to forget. ", "Yes I have become inoculated.  I am weary of the all of the gun violence in this country.  In other countries it is a rarity.  For Americans it's only a matter of when and where the next attack will take place.  The NRA and the Republican Party are interchangeable.  Republicans are so afraid of crossing the NRA that they are impotent to represent and protects American citizens.  It's disgraceful.  I can write letters and march and call on senators and reps until Jesus returns and you know what nothing will change.  We won't even call Steven Paddock a terrorist!  He's a lone wolf with a mental problem yet Republicans just passed a bill to allow the mentally ill to purchase guns and are preparing to pass a bill for silencers - don't want to make too much noise when trying to kill as many citizens in an attack.  How is this not madness?  Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result.  Well gun violence in America is insanity and we just keep doing nothing but we expect things to change.  Well, I'm sorry but its never going to change.  As long as money is in the equation and the NRA is willing is pay off politicians and they are willing to accept nothing will change.  So I will offer my thoughts and prayers to the families who lost loved ones and when it happens the next time (and it will) I will once again offer my thoughts and prayers", "The worst mass murder in US history was committed with box cutters and planes, the second with agricultural/industrial chemicals. More people were killed in Nice, France with a truck. Emotions make good servants but terrible masters. If we can't keep people and drugs from pouring over the border, we're not gonna keep guns from being trafficked. The only difference with gun control would be the increased enrichment of the cartels and even less traceability of the weapons. Bad guys will always get weapons. Good guys need weapons to fight bad guys.\nObjects don't kill people. Fatherless boys kill people. Welfare, feminist contempt for the traditional family, and Progressive contempt for a God-based moral code (you know, the one that prohibits murder) are the reasons for the killing season.", "Can we all just take a moment to remember Obama physically upset with tears in his eyes when addressing the nation after each massacre? Pleading to change the laws to a gridlocked congress?\n\nAnd we have this president who has to read sympathy off of a teleprompter showing absolutely no emotion whatsoever. \n\nWe made this bed for ourselves.", "This opinion by Steve Israel hits its mark.  When all is said and done that's all that will be done, lip service.  Nothing will change.  The only thing that might, MIGHT, change it would be to witness a similar shooter standing in the galleries of Congress, or the Senate, doing exactly as was done in Las Vegas.  Or something similar.  And trust me on this; sooner or later it will happen.  It's being made inevitable by our feckless elite \"leadership\" in the House and Senate.. \n\nJohn~\nAmerican Net'Zen", "I don't turn the page, I've just given up. I'm ready to move to any modern country with a lack of guns that will take me...any takers?", "Their own members of congress get shot and they do nothing. Even were the whole assemblage to be shot a new round of ifficials would be out there spouting gog given rights and need for people to have every type weapon and lots of ammo. Maybe the solution is to arm myself? Hardly.", "The freedom of the few, out way the lives of the many.", "You lost me when you blamed the public. Don\u2019t generalize. For every gun but and apathetic person there is another trying desperately to stop this madness. We can\u2019t even make our voices heard publicly, for fear of being targeted by gun maniacs. Yet we continue, through local and national organizations like Everytown for Gun Safety,to lobby members who turn a deaf ear to us. we voted you in to speak for us, to protect us from lunatic killers. Do your job.", "He's right: we'll do nothing about guns in the US.\n\nThe 'Founding Fathers' gave us more than the second constitution under which we live.  (They just abandoned the first, without a vote.)  They gave us the ethic of 'might is right'.  In succeeding generations from the initial illegal immigrations from Europe in the 1400s, the European peoples have used might to acquire and keep assets, and might to subserviate and to rule the people of this nation.  'Right' had and has almost nothing to do with governance or commerce.\n\nMoreover, venality is the cardinal virtue: who won the 1994 World Series?  That's right.  Venality won, although some say that greed put up a mean fight.  (According to Justice Sotomayor, the owners illegally locked out the players late in that season, but that's only the law.)  Who really thought a lockout was better than playing the World Series, other than greed?  Venality.\n\nAs long as (largely white) males have power, an odious peace will prevail. Their power is so brutal and paramount, they will kill black males with almost absolute impunity, answering only for money damages paid from the public fisc, but never with jail or from the savings of the killers. Guns are little more than expressions of that power; venality means the gun manufacturers, sellers and collective organizations (NRA?) - and politicians - will fight to keep alive the flow of money from guns.  \n\nWe could teach ISIS how to terrorize well - and North Korea on the use of nuclear bombs.", "A key reason for inaction is terminology. We should call this and other similar acts \"terrorism\", and not try and separate them from the few acts committed by Muslims which are automatically labelled as such.   \n\nIt is far too easy to divert attention from domestic terrorism by appearing to act against international terrorism. ", "Moments of silence and prayers will do NOTHING to help end this home grown terrorism.  Real action is needed.\n\nThe weapons this man brought to Las Vegas did exactly what they were manufactured to do.  Human extermination.  They weren't tools made for hunting or personal safety.  They are made and sold for killing humans.\n\nI am a gun owner and a believer in ones right to own a firearm.  I own both rifle and pistol.  These tools were acquired legally and there is a paper trail behind them.  \n\nThere needs to be control and restriction on weapons.  Assault rifles have NO PLACE in American society.  Silencers, armor piercing ammo, automatic feed capability and large magazines are nothing but people killing enhancements of these tools.", "The Second Amendment has made violence a right that many Americans cherish more highly than their right to Life Liberty and Happiness. It Trumps all other rights, and I do mean Trump. A country whose very foundation was built on the genocide of one people and the enslavement of another has embraced the threat of violence as its main religion. There is no point in trying to change them. The majority of today's Americans understand the world through death and destruction. They are paranoid, ignorant, armed and dangerous; a threat to each other and the world. They have found their perfect leader in the ignoramus-in chief Trump. ", "Oh, sure, I should surrender my rifles because another mental case used rifles for mass murder.  \n\nAnd then, after the crazies turn to ammonia nitrate to kill hundreds, there will be the call for me to surrender my lawn fertilizer.\n\nThe Second Amendment is the guardian of the entire Bill of Rights, which is the prohibition on the government against committing homicide against our inalienable, God-given rights.  It is the Second Amendment that keeps the Obamas and the Trumps in their boxes, constrained from overt action against individuals, groups and institutions with whom they ideologically disagree.\n\nMarksmen and their rifles won the war against the British cannon that demolished the Eastern Seaboard towns and cities.  Rifles and marksmen will again prevail against any military force with overwhelming odds that may arise against Americans' freedoms and rights. \n\nConcentrate on the crazies and leave our rights intact.", "The people who made promises and took oaths to represent the people of the United States, to defend our national interests, are precisely the same people who just strained every muscle to leave 30 million people without access to health care, to expose them to disease, bankruptcy, grief and death, and to open the nation to the specter of mass contagion from untreated illness.  \n\nThey just allowed funding for health care for almost two thirds of the nation's children to expire, leaving those children - who are such convenient props for these vicious politicians as long as they are in the womb - vulnerable to life-crippling diseases that are easily treatable and without innoculation against many avoidable viruses.  Of course, they have already stripped education funding and installed an anti-science, anti-public education incompetent nincompoop in charge of eviscerating these children's futures, so perhaps the politicians don't think it's terribly useful to keep them alive after they have served their propaganda purposes.\n\nCompared to the wholesale slaughter of millions of Americans that the GOP is trying so hard to accomplish, the casualty count in Las Vegas, even added to that of the mass shootings of the last ten years, is negligible.  In fact, these warped, twisted pols relish it.  As soon as they mouth their \"thoughts and prayers\", they rush over to the NRA and use the \"difficult optics\" to extract more blood money.", "\"Greatest mass shooting....\" to date is not a Guinness record to be broken annually, nor is it a desirable record to hold. It is a blot, a stain on our nation.  A mark of Cain, not Abel. Yet Congress cannot even talk about it...except to make killing people easier. \n\nIf the shooting was an \"act of pure evil,\" then Congress's silence in the face of repeated mass shootings is an act of pure cowardice.\n\nhttps://wifelyperson.blogspot.com/", "The sheer number of those killed and injured last night in Las Vegas means nothing to the organization that holds an organized-crime-like grip on the lawmakers of this country. The National Rifle Association has become nearly a fully sanctified American religion; I'm surprised they haven't applied for--and been granted--the tax-exempt status granted to the nation's churches. There have been many mass killings in recent years here; there's no secret about where and when and how they took place. All are hateful, vile acts, unimaginable except by the most perverse mind. But if no laws, no restrictions, no actions of any kind were taken after the inconceivable massacre in Sandy Hook, I will bet everything of what little I have in this world that nothing will ever be done generation after blood-soaked generation.", "Thoughts and prayers are America's substitute for action.", "My country 'tis of thee,\nLand of the shooting spree,\nOf thee I sing.\nLand where our fathers die,\nLand where we're crying why,\nFrom every Congress buy,\nLet freedom wrong.", "All I had to do was read this headline. It says it all.\nNothing will change.\nI've given up. ", "\"In retrospect Sandy Hook marked the end of the US gun control debate. Once America decided killing children was bearable, it was over.\" ", "My son is six, in first grade. Last year and this year he had to practice \"active shooter\" drills at school. I'm a high school teacher myself, so I have also practiced such drills. Right now I have a classroom that has floor-to-ceiling windows on one side, and I've found myself wondering where I could possibly hide all the kids out of view should anyone come into the school. It's how I have to think, and as a parent and a teacher, it breaks my heart that this is our response. \n\nThis is our mindset: We have to prepare for someone to come in with guns and start firing. Same goes for just about any open arena, such as the concert in Las Vegas--I check the exits, wonder if I should hunker down and wait so I don't get trampled as people try to flee. I feel a need think this way now, not as a paranoid person but as someone who's lived through enough of these events that it crosses my mind to prepare for the possibility.\n\nI'm not against guns; I don't think all guns should be taken away. I know there's the argument that gun control laws apply to those who already follow the law, that anyone who really wants a gun will get one in an unlawful way. But I feel like there has to be a middle ground--Congress has to find *something*, *some way* to curtail all of this carnage. I don't know what it is, but prayers, tears, and silence in the face of all this isn't enough. ", "I hope everyone, foreign and domestic, thinks twice now about visiting Las Vegas. Oh, I know this will harm innocent people who make their livelihood working in the hospitality industry, but I see these people as casualties in a much bigger broader war now. Nothing the American people have begged and pleaded for has been done about guns. This may be the only chance to reach the upper crust, to make this carnage hurt them, to make it personal at long last. When the money quits flowing in, those with the money to buy themselves a politician do so and demand change. Nothing will change until this happens.", "The inevitable outcome of continued gun violence in the U.S., mass murder incidents?\n\nThe U.S. has been progressing for years in method to wage war overseas by the most effective and humane method possible. Overseas the U.S. is constantly increasing method toward fighting \"Just War\", war with full legal and moral right to point now that it speaks of \"Nation Building\", containing, organizing a population, being surgical in strike, total in surveillance, in complete communications control.\n\nThis methodology has been inevitably applied at home, domestically, and will only increase. The goal is to never have to fight a war overseas at all, to have a population afar completely controlled in action, which obviously means that which is close at hand is even more secure. The political establishment in the U.S. just as it has been coming to consensus about method of fighting war overseas, has been coming to consensus with respect to far right and far left and other group and lone wolf action in the U.S. and this consensus is increased control, bureaucracy, surveillance. \n\nIt only appears there is great freedom in the U.S. and that gun violence is a mark of freedom. Actually these mass murder incidents are the mark of decreasing freedom, constriction of populace, just as internet ranting, being engrossed in video games, etc. are signs of nowhere to go...\n\nGun control will arrive I assure you. I also assure you human freedom is declining, that Establishment is becoming the only freedom.", "The inevitable outcome of continued gun violence in the U.S., mass murder incidents?\n\nThe U.S. has been progressing for years in method to wage war overseas by the most effective and humane method possible. Overseas the U.S. is constantly increasing method toward fighting \"Just War\", war with full legal and moral right to point now that it speaks of \"Nation Building\", containing, organizing a population, being surgical in strike, total in surveillance, in complete communications control.\n\nThis methodology has been inevitably applied at home, domestically, and will only increase. The goal is to never have to fight a war overseas at all, to have a population afar completely controlled in action, which obviously means that which is close at hand is even more secure. The political establishment in the U.S. just as it has been coming to consensus about method of fighting war overseas, has been coming to consensus with respect to far right and far left and other group and lone wolf action in the U.S. and this consensus is increased control, bureaucracy, surveillance. \n\nIt only appears there is great freedom in the U.S. and that gun violence is a mark of freedom. Actually these mass murder incidents are the mark of decreasing freedom, constriction of populace, just as internet ranting, being engrossed in video games, etc. are signs of nowhere to go...\n\nGun control will arrive I assure you. I also assure you human freedom is declining, that Establishment is becoming the only freedom.", "At the turn of the last century, my grandparents immigrated to this country in search of a better life.  They found it here.  They were proud to be American citizen and that pride was passed down to my parents.  That was a hundred years ago and America was a very different country then.  I\u2019m afraid their granddaughter doesn\u2019t share their same sense of pride.  Over the past 20 years it has become harder and harder to muster up any.  No, America wasn\u2019t perfect then, there was a lot of injustice, but we persisted and slowly things began to change for the better.\n\nToday we find ourselves living in a terribly divided country, a divide I\u2019m wondering if we can even heal.  Violence continues to escalate and the socioeconomic divide deepens.   Our government continues to become more ineffective and corrupt with members of Congress being sold to the highest bidder.  Bidders whose goal is more power, control and money.  To what end I ask?  \n\nI recently spent extended time in Europe.  I acknowledge that visiting a new country is different then living there full time, but what struck me about the country and its people, was a sense of ease and gentleness.  I did a little of my own research (Global Peace Index) to find it was rated in the top 10 of most peaceful countries in the world.  The USA rated 114th.\n\nAnd now my grandparents\u2019 granddaughter finds herself wanting to immigrate in search of a better life.", "Agreed. Always the same song and dance and the same players after each and every such carnage - and then it's back to the status quo . . .", "Reminder: the 2nd Amendment was about protecting \"gun rights\" when the guns that existed fired 1 shot and took 1 minute to load.  Why hasn't the 2nd Amendment been revised to reflect today's assault weapons?  When technology advances, rules change (like mandatory use of vehicle safety belts to think of one example). The insanity and the carnage will continue.", "This guy was not mentally ill, was not on any \"no fly\" list, was not in any government database, and had no criminal record.  In addition, automatic weapons have been illegal since 1986.  What laws or other measures are not in place now that would have prevented the Las Vegas shooting?", "With tears in my heart, I read this. It feels like being in a very dysfunctional family, and there are no adults around who can step in and protect the children .\nAnd in this family, America, in this community and that, in places where it was believed that \"this could never happen here,\" there will be more death, more terror, more reasons why the adults cannot do anything to protect us, unless the bullets or missiles come from across the oceans.", "We won't get good gun control legislation on the federal level (there is some on the state level) until the gun culture in America changes. It's already happening, albeit slowly. Fewer households own guns than 30 years ago, mainly due to there being fewer hunters. Also gun ownership is higher in rural areas, and America is becoming more urban.\n\nThe NRA has been very effective promoting gun ownership, so fewer households own more guns. But they won't be able to scare Americans into buying guns forever. Over time their influence will wane. When they lose their clout, effective gun control laws can be passed. Their will be fewer gun deaths and less gun violence.", "There should be ammunition accountability.   Every round of ammunition should be serial numbered and traceable from manufacture to sale.  Your doctor can not write a prescription that can't be traced.   If this were so,  Mr Paddocks purchases may have set off alarms the way a doctor writing prescriptions for say 10,000 oxycodone pills for a single patient would.\nAsking the Congress to pass sensible gun control laws is like trying to take money away from a politician.   It will not happen", "The funny thing is, we all know what the problem is: Guns. And we all know what the solution is: Get rid of the guns.\n\nYet no serious proposal has ever been put forth that does more than tinker around the edges. I seriously doubt that any of them would put a dent in the carnage.\n\nSo I guess I accept the third reason spelled out in this column: That the enemy we refuse to meet is us. We don't really want to solve the problem. We just want it to go away.", "The problem is not with the 2nd Amendment it is with the misinterpretation of the amendment, the selling of that interpretation by the NRA and others, and the Supreme Court seeming to buy into that interpretation. One \"simple\" sentence but this no restrictions thought ignores that the \"...right to keep and bear arms...\" was predicated on the nation/states needing \"A well regulated militia...\" These Minutemen brought  their own weapons to places like Lexington and Concord and without their own weapons they could not protected their villages from assault by those who sought to do harm. That does not seem to be the case today, our militia members (aka National Guard) do not have to supply  their own machine-guns, helicopters, etc.\nAdditionally, again pre NRA, the government often put restrictions on, if not gun ownership, possession at certain times and places, i.e. no carry laws in places like the Dodge City of the \"wild west\". These restrictions were accepted and considered acceptable. ", "As a citizen of the United Kingdom I find the US gun situation baffling. Based upon the extent of gun ownership and types of weapons available you would be forgiven for thinking that ISIS had US towns and cities surrounded, or that the Taliban were massed on its borders. Based upon what happens, the uncomfortable truth appears to be that many of these weapons are intended for American citizens to kill other American citizens, either aggressively or defensively. America would be a lot safer, as we are in the United Kingdom, with a strict ban on guns, but maybe first needs to examine why some people appear to have such a level of fear, suspicion or hatred of their fellow countrymen that they see the need to arm themselves. ", "It is the fault of the American public for not forcing the Senate, Congress and Trump to immediately develop and sign federal legislation banning the sale of machine guns and their bullets to anyone except the police and the military.\n\n95+% of Americans strongly believe that the only people in America who should own machine guns are the police and the military since the police and military are the only folks with a good reason to own a machine gun.\n\nYet 95+% of Americans don't want to stop their routines for one iota of one second in order to force immediate federal legislation banning the sale of machine guns and their bullets to anyone except the police and the military.\n\nIt is not the Senate, not Congress and not Trump who are at fault. It is our fault.", "Thank you for sharing your experiences and ideas in dealing with this issue. You have pointed out the one big, constant obstacle, the NRA and the gun lobby. Like what Jimmy Kimmel did last night when he posted the pictures of the 56 senators who voted against the bill that would have prevented the mentally ill from buying guys, why not expose and frankly, shame your colleagues who are more loyal to their NRA scores than their constituents? That's a start. Put pressure on them. ", "The answer to the gun problem is really quite simple: don't elect  Republicans to represent us in Congress. Right now the U.S. has 25 times the per capita number of gun deaths as 22 other western nations. With Republican leadership and the Trump presidency these numbers will only get worse.", "I am a gun control advocate. I never read NRA materials until two weeks ago when my 87 year old mother received a membership solicitation. She has never owned a firearm. I have no idea why they targeted her for their solicitation. \n\nI was horrified at the NRA's scattershot membership campaign and with its website. I concluded the NRA is nothing more than a marketing department for gun manufacturers. That corporate gun manufacturers use the NRA and its political strength (built on marketing of its convenient interpretation of the 2nd Amendment) to maintain and expand their market is deplorable.\n\nCongress needs to strip the NRA of its non-profit status, as a peddler of death and destruction should never be qualified as a non-profit entity.", "If Sandy Hook did not turn the tide, nothing will.\n\nRight now, as this unfolds, people are stockpiling guns they fear might be regulated/banned.\n\nAnd the lobby gets wealthier.", "The NRA\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s largest 2016 outlay was the $30.3 million it spent in support of Trump. How could we possibly expect to see any change with that kind of cash buying off politicians. For the rest of their outlays, see this report from the Center for Responsive Politics. \n\n\"The NRA Placed Big Bets on the 2016 Election, and Won Almost All of Them\" https://www.opensecrets.org/news/2016/11/the-nra-placed-big-bets-on-the-...", "Nothing relative to gun control legislation will change if we continue to keep the same \"deadbeats\" in control of the House and the Senate that we now have sitting there and doing nothing. For something to happen, for the needed action to address gun violence, the composition of the House and Senate must first change.", "This country revealed its true nature after Sandy Hook--it was the watershed moment in our devolution. Las Vegas is just the optics from our acceleration downhill into historical irrelevance.", "Clearly, nothing will happen.  It doesn't matter the number killed by gun violence or the age of the victims.  None of it will make a bit of difference.  \"Our thoughts and prayers\" seems like the only response our representatives are capable of giving.  At this point, words are meaningless, it's actions that count.  Until we are ready to act, these incidents, horrendous as they are, will not matter.  And that is really a tragedy.", "Less than 3% of the population owns over 150 million firearms. I am not sure why they need them, or for what reason. \n\nBut the rest of the people in the country cannot be held hostage by them. I was watching Jhon Oliver's segment on the NRA and it baffles me to know that the federal government is forbidden to keep electronic records of gun ownership. \n\nGun ownership should be a privilege and it's about time they are not sold to people with psychological problems, or on a terrorist watch list. It's also the time that there is a steady record of gun ownership and tracking of guns sold. ", "One thing will change:  many of the victims will lose their health insurance and not be able to afford continued care. ", "Nothing will change.  Thoughts and prayers.  Rinse.  Repeat.", "If the voters in Nevada don't act to enact gun control laws then I suggest tourists who care about this issue pick other vacation spots. Maybe economic pressure will help bring about what common sense won't.", "Thank you for the insight into Congressional attitudes. Rep. Israel is right, the problem is with us. It seems that what people tell pollsters often is not what they really believe. According to reports, a significant majority of NRA members express support for closing the so-called gun show loophole. Yet they send their dues money to an organization that uses the money to lobby against exactly that. Our county is possessed by a collective gun fetish. Fellow columnist Tom Friedman is also right. If we care about reasonable gun regulations, we must elect people who will enact them.", "This is one of the main reasons given by people who own guns, but...\n\nOf the yearly gun deaths in America, how many are by people defending their homes or their family's safety?", "The 2nd Amendment allows bearing arms for a well regulated militia.  A militia needs to have access to all the arms necessary to defend a nation--and America's militias do.  Americas militias are the National Guard (read Hamilton's Federalist Papers on the issue--it is clear), and they have, not only fully automatic weapons, but tanks and fighter jets.  Nowhere in the Constitution does it say that a bunch of randoms have the right to bear arms and any kind of arm they want.  The 2nd Amendment fully allows regulating weapons--Congress did so in the 1930s in response to gangsters and can fully do so, if they chose to, now.", "I am a bit naive.  What does he mean when he says, \"...congressional redistricting has pulled Repubs so far to the right that anything less than total subservience to the gun lobby is viewed as supporting...confiscation.\"  ?  What does that look like, practically?  THanks", "Paul Ryan stated today that it's not the shooter who defines America but the first responders and Trump calls it a miracle.\nWrong Mr Ryan it's the photographs of beautiful Americans lying in their own blood everyday in America that defines this country.Wrong Mr Trump Vegas was an avoidable tragedy .\nThe first Responders are brave , admirable people but Ryan and Trump should ask themselves why they are putting the responders at even greater risk than need be.\n\nWe need now urgent Gun law reform, ban any ability to covert semi automatics to full automatic, restrict semi automatics to only special cases of need, have an electronic record that identifies the accumulation of an arsenal of weapons , background checks for all purchases from anyone at any time etc.Including Health checks\nTo the NRA their de facto slogan that you need a gun to protect yourself against a bad man with a gun , is with a gun , is totally false.\nShooting people from a 32nd floor hotel room  with an arsenal of guns could be easily followed by shooting up a Schoolbus from a grassy Knoll and other easy opportunities to create mayhem.\nWe must act NOW, this must stop .", "I don't know the shelf life a gun. But I know the shelf life of a bullet - one shot. You want to stop this? Forget background checks and making certain guns illegal. Those ships have sailed. Just limit the number of bullets and make smaller magazines. Also put a big excise tax on the purchase of ammo. Make it very expensive to buy bullets. Fewer bullets, fewer shootings", "For all the freedom we have in this country, and the second amendment, they are all exploited. The perpetrator in this heinous crime in Las Vegas was thinking of his rights. The problem is that the NRA thinks the same way. That does not give a place for the victims.\nMr. Israel has listed many of the past incidents, where we have seen loss of innocent lives. These grievances have on various occasions drawn the attention of our Legislature. But, to no avail. The power and influence of an organization like the NRA has always prevailed. This is beyond anyone's comprehension, and so hard to understand.\nWhile there is very little or no attention to gun control, the right by one to bear arms receives all the recognition. How many more tragedies do we want to witness, before we can seek a solution to this insane imbalance? ", "Why do so many pro-2nd amendment people ignore the phrase \"a well regulated militia\", which is just as much a part of the amendment as any other phrase in it.", "Gun control was barely a topic during the 2016 election. If we want to do something about guns, it needs to be discussed. ", "Perhaps if the survivors of this horrific event, and their families, were to form an activist group that would push Congress to create stricter gun control laws, we might get something done about it.  There is no reason for a civilian to own an AK47 or any other type of mass-execution weapon.", "\"Third, the problem is you, the reader. You\u2019ve become inoculated. You\u2019ll read this essay and others like it, and turn the page or click another link. You\u2019ll watch or listen to the news and shake your head, then flip to another channel or another app. This horrific event will recede into our collective memory.\n\nThat\u2019s what the gun lobbyists are counting on. They want you to forget. To accept the deaths of at least 58 children, parents, brothers, sisters, friends as the new normal. To turn this page with one hand, and use the other hand to vote for members of Congress who will rise in another moment of silence this week. And next week. And the foreseeable future.\"\n\nNot me.  I've been Marching and advocating for sensible gun laws since the 1990's.  ", "Just like all the other times we have had a major shooting event, the gun controllers immediately scream \"We've got to do SOMETHING\".  When you propose SOMETHING that will actually keep things like Las Vegas from happening, I will listen.\n\nFrom the news reports, it appears that he purchased all the guns legally and passed the background check so closing the false \"gun show loophole\" would have not done anything.  According to his brother and others that knew him, he gave no signs that he was mentally unstable so improving the mental health reporting would have not helped.\n\nThe problem still is the person, not the tool.  Remember that there were over  600,000 hunting licenses in Wisconsin and no one got shot.  So the problem isn't the guns.\n\nWhat SOMETHING are you proposing to do?\n\nHad he not been able to get a gun, he might have driven a truck through that crowd and probably inflicted even more damage.  I don't have any idea how we can detect and control crazy people.  Do You?", "This is a strange country where people have more respect for hollow traditions: bowing to piece of cloth, standing up for some song and strange love for some dark hardware, rather than having respect for human life or life in general.\n\"Nothing Will Change...\"  Never expected a change. The next shooter have a new record to break!", "They said it\u2019s second amendment right to own gun to defend against tyranny, and no one doubt them.\nThey said it\u2019s too much hassle to go through common sense background check, and I start to doubt them.\nThey said it\u2019s their right to own military assault weapon for hunting & self defense, and I seriously doubt them.\nThey said it\u2019s unconstitutional to ban mentally ill from buying gun, and I start to fume.\nThey said it\u2019s their right to own silencers, and I think this is crazy ony assassins & mobs need it.\n\nThe founding fathers didn\u2019t write 2nd amemdment to allow unlimited access to military grade killing machine.\nIt\u2019s never really about second amemdment, for the NRA it\u2019s all about political power & controls of the Congress. They feel powerful.\nFor the gun makers it\u2019s all about selling ever-powerful guns to make more blood money. They feel the greed.\n\nThanks to those conseravtive SCOTUS judges gun makers are now considered \u2018people\u2019 & can use their blood money to buy access. Money combined with political threat has allowed them to control the Republican Congress.\n\nAs long as this unholy triangular relationship continues, the author is corret to say that nothing will change.\nI still has hope that with enough people speak out one day all these will change. I just hope this change will arrive sooner before U.S. Congress is uterly taken hostage by this unholly alliance.", "Dear Steve,\n\nDon't despair. Please, don't despair. \n\nYou have been placed in a privileged position. A position of leadership, placed there by your constituents who have listened to you, examined your values and then voted. They have entrusted you to represent them at the highest levels of government.\n\nNow is the time to put your shoulder once more to the wheel and, whatever the forces against you, to push. And keep pushing.\n\nDon't give up. Go again. It's what you are there for.", "at the least can there be a law to confiscate the bank accounts of the killer so that it can go to those who are struggling to recover", "Disappointed and dismayed by the list of cities not including the city of Orlando, where just over a year ago, a gunman researched and executed an attack specifically on a gay bar. My understanding is the Pulse shooting is now the second most deadliest in US history as of yesterday, why no mention?\nMethinks the opportunistic NYT op-Ed is one tiny step removed from the moment of silence and the tweet condolences which you bemoan. ", "My sympathy goes out to those who lost loved ones in Las Vegas. As it did for Orlando. And Sandy Hook. And...should I keep going?\n\nYet, harangues like this one from Representative Israel are just pointless. This is why: \"Some 13,286 people were killed in the US by firearms in 2015, according to the Gun Violence Archive, and 26,819 people were injured [those figures exclude suicide]\"\n\nSo, yes let us mourn the dead and help the living left behind cope as best they can. \n\nBut, never forget, America is a nation built on the easy access to guns and the almost blithe, carefree use of them to mostly hunt but to also kill our fellow human beings. America will never change in its complete fixation to possess, legally or illegally, guns - and the more deadly the better. And so, everyday we will keep using our guns to kill 36 of our wives, husbands, children, other family members, lovers, friends and strangers as we wallow in our blood soaked society.", "I see that the New York Times is doing what it does best: Stack its comment section with the choir it preaches to. Good luck with that. You will NEVER get our guns.", "As everyone already knows, the whole bunch of them are in the pocket of the\nN.R.A.  Lets call them out starting with the liar-in-chief who advocates for violence.  Then there's Mike Pence, Paul Ryan, Mitch McConnell and likely 98%\nof the Republicans in congress and some of the Democrats.  They hide behind\nthe 2nd Amendment which wasn't written with the intention of everyone owning\na gun.  Just the other day, Alabama senator not-so-hopeful, Roy Moore was brandishing a gun at his news conference and his followers were loving it.  So,\nwhen a tragedy unfolds like the one in Las Vegas, we're not surprised anymore.\nIt is what the enablers have created for us.  Warning to you all.......don't get\ncaught in the wrong place at the wrong time and don't expect this feckless congress to do anything about it.   ", "Don't pray for past victims, it's too late. Pray for the next victims. It probably won't help but it's all we can do. Gun owners have a fetish more important than you.", "Maybe they'll pass a \"turn in your weapons / no-guns for-you\" law that crooks, crazies and gang-bangers will actually obey! I can picture the long lines of felons, MS13-types, and psychopaths lined up in front of the police station with their arms full of guns and ammunition waiting patiently to turn them in. Umm, NOT QUITE! That said, we can do something about the \"crazies.\" Psychotics need appropriate medical treatment to control antisocial tendencies and that means institutionalization and/or controlled/ensured administration of medication. AND... no accessible guns in the home in which ANY resident is subject to administration of such medication.", "When 60% of gun deaths are suicides what does the Liberal Progressive expect? let alone terming it \"gun violence\"\n\nSome people just want to kill themselves.\n\nIn the rural states you have Union Pacific.  Make the railmen unhappy jumping in front of them.  Sad way to earn overtime.\n\nIn your big cities go after a petite female cop with a steak knife or screwdriver, that would be suicide by cop.  Again, sad way to earn overtime for the cop.\nRemember, most other gun deaths are gang members killing each other, and the cops do a fair amount of killing.", "As long as the NRA have the GOP in their pocket, NOTHING ILL CHANGE.  \n\nGET MONEY OUT OF POLITICS!!!!", "Us, the readers? Unfortunately, the New York Times has become identified with the \"Left,\" partly because of right-wing propaganda but partly because the Times is, well, an organ of the Democratic Party. No one in those Republican districts will read your essay. You are preaching to the converted. The Democratic Party is indirectly responsible as well because its leadership has demonized Republican voters and contributed to the partisan divide. I won't mention any names. ", "No, I'm not the problem. I vote for people like you, who introduce measures to do something. I don't have a cable news network. I don't have a lobbying firm. I don't know any idiots who oppose sensible gun regulations, and even if I did, they are immune to reason.\n\nThe problem is the fetishization of guns and gunplay and the easy access to military-grade weapons, even for disturbed people. And people on the no-fly list for chrissake.\n\nPersonally, I'm helpless to do anything except pray this guy had no political axe to grind - thereby starting a new civil war.", "It is time to shout from the highest rooftops: the Second Amendment pertained to a \"well-regulated militia\" and not otherwise. That \"well-regulated militia\" is the National Guard. No one, even the National Guard, needs a weapon designed to kill masses of people. The NRA and the people pulling the strings to make them dance are monsters. They are not about liberty, they are about enabling evil, broken hearts, and broken lives. They should be considered the de facto mass murderers that they are. We cannot let them control civil society any longer. Resist!", "The NRA,the congress and the crazies on the Supreme Court have turned this country into a shooting gallery.Scalse made it clear after he recovered from being shot that his position on the 2nd ammendmant hadn't changed.Nowthe congress is considering and will likely pass a bill allowing silencers on guns.One member of congress said that \"silencers have been unfairly maligned.\"Are these guys crazy?Can you imagine if the lone nut gunman in Vegas had silencers on his guns?How many more people would have been killed or injured if that crowd didn't hear the gunfire that was killing them?Apparently Paul Ryan wants to keep the killing quiet.O'Reilly talks about the price of freedom.Whose freedom?What about the freedom of those in Vegas to assemble peaceably?What about my freedom to attend concerts or basketball games without fearing for my life?Will the Supreme Court get to the point where possessing an atomic bomb is covered by the 2 nd Amendment?The gun violence will only get worse.American society and it's leaders have gone crazy.Congress has the blood of the dead on their hands.Yes this is a political isssue and it should be politicized.Governor Sandoval gets weepy at a press conference and has a history of signing outrageous gun laws.And to all you hunters out there,we don't want to take away your freedom to shoot and hunt,just to take away the WMDs that some of your less sane brothers use to hunt humans.", "I won't forget Mr. Israel. Not while I have the ability to talk, write, donate, vote. I won't forget the republican cowards who brought this mayhem to our communities through their lying, cynical inaction. Their NRA scores can serve as their true legacy.\"Stood by and did nothing while innocents where slaughtered but rated A by The National Rifle Association.\"  ", "I just want to know: which \"well-regulated militia\" are all these white, male gun-toting murderers part of? There's a reason the NRA plaque at their headquarters conveniently omits that phrase on their Second Amendment plaque.", "Okay, Congress:  If you can't do anything about keeping multiple automatic weapons out of the hands of crazy people, how about you control ammunition??", "or to not vote at all...", "Just start calling him a \"Radical N.R.A. terrorist.\" It doesn't matter if he was a member, just as it doesn't matter if a Muslim is a member of al Qaeda. If he was inspired or enabled by them it's good enough, and clearly he was. Let's get on the propaganda. You know the right wing will.", "When some high ranking NRA officials get murdered by a gun toting psycho, the change the rest of us seek in gun laws may be affected...but probably not until. We obviously can't expect craven Republicans to stand up to the NRA at this point, not even one of their own being shot can do that.", "Mr. Israel; to the NRA & the Republican party, it's just body count.  Only the important issue, $$$ from NRA to keep your seat.\n\nSo what if 3,000 die, we have over 320,000,000 people, 1% would only be 3,200,000, who would miss them? \n\nThe answer to chaos is silencers.  Thousands could be shot like fish in a barrel with no noise.  No one being trampled, just dying in place.\n\nWe have an unlimited supply of young killers-in-training today. Millions of kids mezzmerized by video games that promote killing to win.  They are practicing their skills for later on when they will be using real bullets, can't wait for that!\n\nNext week this tragic carnage will be off the front page and Cable news will be back to the daily dribble.\n\nI am so fortunate to be 75 and will not have to be around to witness the full demise of what was a most wonderful country.\n\nBTW, let's get that back to the tax cut for the Billionaires.", "To the NRA-The second amendment does not grant us the right to hunt humans ", "Alas, you`re speaking truth, Steve Israel.  Nothing will change following the massacre in Las Vegas yesterday. The NRA and gun lobby have seized control of our country and are working toward their peculiar armageddon for us all.  Gun control is an oxymoron, has never existed in fortress America, and never will.  Americans even in our earliest days have lived at the mercy of zealous and demented gun-owners. Assault weapons will still be sold to the most evil human beings among us.  History has not taught America anything save the importance of keeping guns in every home, thanks to the Second Amendment (obscene and obsolete in our day and age) of the Constitution.", "It's times like these I am so thankful that guns don't kill people... \n\nDo Americans finally get that one white guy now can legally have the deadly power to casually kill more innocent people than the awesome, inconceivably destructive power of record-breaking hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria COMBINED!\n\nDo y'all get that?\n\nRepeal the 2nd amendment.  There's not a well-regulated militia within miles of here.", "Not that the art of argument is such a great thing in this country anymore - we're nothing but a bunch of sophists in reality, but the NRA and proponents always use the justification that they want to \"defend\" themselves. I've watched enough of the footage, and knowing that Nevada is an \"open carry\" state - who was pulling out their guns? Doesn't wash anymore.\nYou know what? - here is the argument that wins. Is there really anything in your house worth taking a life for? Is your life worth so little that you will have to constantly worry about who has a gun, and who might open fire? Will the gun that you have tucked away, or even in a holster really save all those lives?\nI live this reality in Texas. I hardly ever go anywhere anymore, and I used to be a gregarious person. I despise the thought that people I'm sitting in a restaurant with are \"armed.\"\nThe NRA has basically taken away my \"unalienable right\" to the \"pursuit of happiness.\"\nI would really like to bow down now and give thanks to our crippled congress - most of whom would rather just secure their jobs than do the right thing.", "I smirk every time I hear, since Columbine and Aurora, when one of these killings has occurred people saying 'we have got to change, hopefully congress will now take a look at guns laws etc etc etc'. The fact is, NOTHING will happen. I really thought that after Sandy Hook, where we had 22 kids or so killed, and President Obama's heartfelt words that maybe, just maybe people would stop and think. What happened, nothing. The 2nd Amendment fanatics keep saying \"Don't tread on me\" and whatever nonsense they spew. Unless you are hunter there is no need to be owning those types of weapons! You say to protect yourself!? From your government!? There is something psychologically, fanatically wrong with you if somehow you need to protect yourself from your government. If that's the case, then leave to another country where you will be \"safe\". The fact is, after Orlando, Dallas, San Bernadino, Binghamton and Virgina Tech....nothing will change. If we have to have car insurance, health insurance and go through renewals, why can't we have the same with guns. Why this free for all on guns, no restrictions, do as you please or as some would argue my 2nd Amendment right?! ", "I just watched Tucker Carlson on Fox with Rep. Swalwell CA. Tucker claimed having silencers on semi-automatic weapons posses no security risk and protects the shooters' hearing... Rep. Swalwell was speechless ..   ", "Ban all semi automatic guns and confiscate them.  ", "This event has been brought to you by our spineless gop congress and its generous sponsors at the NRA (the firearms industry).", "NYT- please publish all congresspersons\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 gun-related votes and NRA ratings. Do it now and every time there is a story about gun violence. Put it in a prominent place where no one can avoid it.", "I wonder what the survivors of the Las Vegas shooting think now of the second amendment.", "As a foreigner I just don't understand how the self proclaimed Land of the Free, with your commitment to democracy, can allow the NRA to dominate the gun laws, with all the all too obvious consequences. Your second amendment starts off \"In order to maintain a well ordered militia ...\". How does this persons right to own military guns have anything to do with maintaining a well ordered militia? You all know that another crazy is already planning the next atrocity. Not only the next crazy but the next 100 crazies are currently arming themselves. ", "Mr. Israel, your missive is impressive, but hardly an essay - think about it. You're just another member of congress jumping on the bandwagon sounding off - Did you consult your buddy Richard Blumenthal? He didn't waste a moment, the dust had not even begun to settle in LV before he started sounding off. If you had a single clue about what you are talking about, it may lend credence to your missive, but alas - you have none. Until you end debacles like fast and furious and bring accountability to our government first, until you rid the ghettos and inner cities of gun violence, you will never obtain the cooperation of we the people. As a combat veteran I know what life and death is about. Do you? I live in an area where there is no police department, only the state police - and a 911 call takes upwards of 20 minutes. Do you honestly believe, with the gangs roaming the inner cities and suburbs, and terrorists looking for places to hide, that I would render control of my weapons to the state because you think its a good idea? Not hardly!", "Make the call. Right now.  To your Congressperson.  Tell him or her to vote \"no\" on HR 367.  \"The bill amends the federal criminal code to preempt state or local laws that tax or regulate firearm silencers.\"\nhttps://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/367  \n\nUS Capitol Switchboard (202) 224-3121\nTo locate your Member on-line:\nU.S. House of Representatives: www.house.gov\nU.S. Senate: www.senate.gov\n\nIf you aren't part of the solution, you're part of the problem. ", "You are absolutely correct, Mr Israel.", "Many more must die from gun violence before America comes to accept the truth. Americans have, not just a Constitutional right to own guns, but a god given right to kill each other. \n\nNo other country on earth has god's blessing to murder its own people. Only Republicans got god's message. ", "We need to make it a mandatory law that every citizen that leaves their home to go in public has to wear a bullet proof vest.\n\nMaybe that will force Congress to act?", "the gop doesn't not care one whit about gun violence, period.. their shameful or stupid refusal to understand the dangers of the nearly unregulated proliferation of firepower speaks for itself.  ", "Members of congress are cowards. They are afraid of loosing the next election. They are afraid of going back home to their old lives. They see their chairs in Congress as being so dear that they have to protect it at all cost. They don't trust their voters, but they fear the NRA. Cowards.", "Maybe it is time to talk about what the second amendment actually says instead of the abbreviated version that gun nuts use.  Here is what is says: \n\n\"A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.\n\nThe founding fathers did not throw in extra words for fluff when they wrote the constitution. At that time they needed people to own guns in order to have a military. This is no longer true, the military does not need people to show up for service with their own guns. We need to rethink why this amendment was written and what it means.", "Mr. Israel,\nif that is your conviction - why are you there? Resign immediately and let some one take over who can change like me. I am unknown but I have convictions - 2nd amendment is not like 10 commandments (god made). It is man made subject to review every few years. 2nd amendment does not tell you you can own 50 guns or 10 automatic rifles. There is no end to self defense you can argue to own tanks as well. I wish soft actions like prayers, silence, and lowering flags could help. You need corrective, aggressive and hard actions.", "Those members of Congress who have consistently  refused to act have blood on their hands.  By refusing to take action because of their NRA donations, they are no different than hired killers.", "But what can one do?", "I am your average voter. I vote for these guys. As long as their suit looks better than mine or what I see on my neighbor, as long as their hair is nicely organized and sprayed, as long as they sport that flag pin on the lapel, as long as they reference the Lord and blessings and prayer, as long as they can talk and talk and talk through a pleasant smile, or a close facsimile of one, then I don't really need to think about what they say or do. I don't really need to ask any questions, because they play the role right out of central casting, which makes me blindly trust that they have an approved script and know more about everything than I do. It's so tiring to think and analyze; I'd rather not be held accountable for those taxing things. I'll just buy a new red white and blue outfit, hold up signs that express my thoughtlessness, and vote the way my closed culture tells me. And as long as my packaged politicians can connect God to whatever they do, I'll just cheer and vote, cuz that's fun and it makes me feel special.", "Guns serve only one purpose, to kill.  The founding fathers never intended them for mass shootings of innocent civilians yet our Congress labors daily to support this perversion of the Second Amendment.  Without pulling a trigger, we have become a nation of killers", "It is time, indeed past time, for sensible gun control.  NO one needs an assault rifle.  They are designed as a combat weapon to kill people, lots of people.  They have no other use.  You can't hunt w/ an assault rife.  If you try to defend your home with one you will end up tearing up your house.  This is just dumb.  For the record I am not even sure why anyone needs a hand gun either but that one will never fly in this society.", "I wonder what it's like coming to work this morning over at the National Rifle Association or Gun Owners of American national headquarters? Can these people actually ignore the ugliness of the news, look each other in the eye, and carry on their daily work like nothing has happened?", "I think that this article is a variation on the theme of \"Everyone who disagrees with me is stupid.\" In this case, evidence of stupidity is being duped by the NRA.\n\nNow that the U.S. has 325 million residents, up from about 2.5 million at the time of the Revolution, reasonable people could differ regarding over whether there is a need to change gun ownership rights. But if you start from the position that anyone who disagrees with you is unreasonable, as the politician who wrote this article does, I don't see how you will build sufficient consensus to change laws or the Constitution.", "A week ago, I attended a high school class reunion in Newtown, CT.  It still amazes me, that nearly 5 years after the killings at the Sandy Hook School, no action has been taken by our corrupt, psychopathic murdering Congress that does not even care if one of its own will live the rest of his life crippled by a terror attack at a baseball practice and that their favorite President nearly died of another assault..   ", "Let's get Steve Scalise's story on the damage his body sustained\nafter get shot with an assault rifle/ammunition.", "Republicans see \u201crights\u201d to own arsenal of deadly weapons by Las Vegas shooter, while receiving medical care was \u201cnot a right\u201d for his victims. And they are now pushing a law to make silencers easier to get, so shooters cannot be detected as quickly. Very hypocritical to now have \"thoughts and prayers\".\n When GOP policies change, then maybe mass shootings in US will end.  Australia ended their mass shootings in 1996, so no one can say \"There's nothing we can do about this.\"  http://www.slate.com/blogs/crime/2012/12/16/gun_control_after_connecticu... ", "My vote in California can't elect a reasonable congressperson in the South. My desire to elect a decent and qualified leader doesn't happen when so many Americans are willing to vote for a lying, know-nothing, despicable crackpot for president. My voice can't be heard when Fox News blankets the country with divisive, extremist rubbish masquerading as news (where are you Lachlan and James?). The only way out of this morass is if we find a charismatic leader who can help change our cultural narrative, elevate us to a higher level, bust the influence of money, and halt the rot that has gripped our political system for decades.", "Secure in their gerrymandered districts and gated communities, politicians will continue to pocket the money from the NRA to do its bidding. Apparently, no amount of killings will change this. The NRA has a death grip on the American people. Shameful.", "Well the NRA is partially right in its quote, but the real quote should be;  \"Guns don't kill people, the NRA kills people\"!  The NRA is lucky to have a weak, cowardly person in the White House who is afraid of them and a Congress that their lobbyist can run as they like.  Is it luck or is the gun industry cash they throw around liberally.  No doubt the President will again express his remorse but point out that there was blame on both sides. Afterall if concert goers had their assault rifles they could have shot back!!!   Be nice if for once Trump and Congress could do the \"right\" thing and defy their paymasters in the lobbyists, the NRA and the gun industry! ", "Would a total ban on lobbying, the most corrosive and corruptive practice ever, be the most obvious way to go? So long as the military-industrial complex, the gun lobby, and the gun manufacturers own the whole of the congress and the senate, things will only get worse.\nAnd the problem runs much deeper, with a police force that harbour so many legalized assassins. Don't trust the boys in blue, they will kill you too!", "Could you please curb your enthusiasm for this event until the bodies are no longer warm?", "Representative Israel, I want to tell you that I don't forget. I've had too many friends blow their heads off in suicide and killed in murders with guns. Every time I drive by the Sandy Hook exit on Route 84 I think of the massacre there, as well as many other times in the year. Orlando was terrible. Charlestown horrible. On and on. What should we, the ordinary constituent be doing? Aren't we just looking at the state of the country? Isn't this just the truth of American democracy as it is now--dominated by lobbyists and corporations and individuals with big money? The polls show one thing. Congress ignores it. I'm not sure what the average person can do in this situation. Terrible.", "A moment of silence in response to this is an absolute travesty, and pathetic. Some brave congressperson should play the audio of the gunfire available on this news site smack in the middle of this amoral \"silence\".", "After every mass shooting in America, the motto of the gun lobbyists, the NRA leaders, the gun manufacturers, wholesalers and retailers is simple: \u201cKeep your mouth shut. This will blow over.\u201d\n\nIt works.\n\nLet\u2019s stop blaming Congress for the inaction and start singling out individuals in Congress, most of whom are Republicans.", "Again. This time though my reaction vanishes into a dank sea I call \u201cHim again\u201d. The daily outrage, the barrage of manufactured fear and fake outrage that issues from the White House. Real pain, real struggle ignored. When will he know that it\u2019s greed and insecurity that animates an ignorant him? That there are different fuels to feed from. Let this not be a deathbed conversion. Let some light in Donny. May your capricious devil turn angel and do something about the guns. Please.", "One of 45's first executive orders was to allow mentally ill people collecting SS Disability to purchase any kind of gun they want.  Now the same 45 calls for a 'moment of silence' in the face of 'pure evil'. Luckily for him the Secret Service protects him & his family from 'pure evil' exercising it's 2nd amendment right. ", "December 14 will mark the fifth anniversary of Sandy Hook.\nIf those 20 first graders murdered at their desks did not limit gun options at the federal level, then nothing will.\nI hope those members of Congress with NRA blood money on their hands look in the mirror in shame every morning.\nDespicable.", "Ah yes. Once again we writ large in the blood of innocent sisters and brothers the wisdom of the wise ones.\nWe reap what we sow. Sell guns Reap Death.", "What is left to say on this topic?  Nothing will be done by Congress, especially the current one, to stand up to the NRA.  \n\nGo to the NRA website.  There is not even a mention of this event, just slogans that the NRA is \"Freedom's safest place\".  \n\nGo the the NRA online store and see the entire collection of gear available for the gun crazy lifestyle that exists in our country.  The gear includes a \"Coexist\" T-shirt where the word \"Coexist\" is spelled out using guns, bullets, shotgun shells and the NRA logo.  \n\nThe garment description includes the following:\n\n\"NRA members instinctively understand Robert Heinlein's assertion that 'an armed society is a polite society.' Our 6 oz., 100% cotton NRA Coexist T-shirt emphasizes the independent, tolerant nature of gun owners in a fun and thought-provoking way. Get yours today, and look forward to becoming the topic of many interesting conversations. Features NRA shield on left chest. Color: Black.\"\n\nIf you think I am kidding, go check it out for yourself\nhttp://www.nrastore.com/sportswear/t-shirts/nra-coexist-t-shirt", "We get the government we deserve. \n\nIf we are too lazy to vote then...", "Soon to be taking my skills to another country; my children are disgusted with the USA, are eager to go to college elsewhere.\n\nSee ya.", "\"I was confident that at the very least we\u2019d expand background checks or make it harder for people with mental illness to obtain guns.\"\n\n        Mental illness is not the main issue with buying and obtaining a gun; the Sandy Hook incident is an example...the issue at hand has to do with \"Money vs. The Value of Life. When money outweighs everything else--who are we to advocate for safer gun laws, more background checks etc. The NRA makes so much profit from gun sales and continues to do so because--congressmen are too busy playing politics. \n\n       \"The government can\u2019t study gun violence but is spending $400,000 analyzing the effects of Swedish massages on rabbits. So at least the rabbits feel safe.''\n        I do not know how true this statement is, but, it is possible to study and curb the amount of violence inflicted due to loopholes in the system. A solution to the problem that we have is that, people should not be able to drive to different locations to buy different varieties of weapons because he/she is entitled to, according to the 2nd amendment. Once a purchase has been made it must be registered on database/watch-list--in turn makes it harder to make another purchase without being questioned or queried. In the incident in Las Vegas, that lunatic was able to obtain varieties of high calibre weapons easily, from different locations, without being suspected and went unnoticed accumulating those amounts of weapons.", "I believe  we are looking the word  degeneration.\n\nOur  civilization irreversibly degenerated, casualties are  heavy, ignorance is the relief.\n\nKeep dying my fellow human. This goes like that perpetually.\n\nMr. Israel is absolutely right.", "Please tell me what \"sensible\" gun law would have prevented this horrific act in Las Vegas?  You can't answer that question.  You just want to feel good about yourself and pass some meaningless law that will have no impact other than to create more hassles for those of us that are law abiding.  ", "\"Thoughts and prayers, thoughts and prayers\" go out while we await the next mass shooting, then the next. God help us. Congress certainly won't.", "When I moved from New England to North Carolina I brought down my wife's father's military sidearm.  Once settled I took the opportunity to inquire of a law officer how I would go about registering the firearm.  He looked at me like I was speaking Greek.  The problem is me?  I voted for a state rep candidate who's a college-educated woman, military career, owned & run local businesses and a Democrat.  She ran against a 26 year-old HS grad who's a Republican and promised that God would guide him in his decision-making process at the state house.  He won and it wasn't even close.  Keep up the good fight Steve, I admire your tenacity.  But Republicans will never increase a tax ( Norquist ) and will never discuss any form of gun control ( NRA ).  That's the starting point.", "The silence is deafening.", "It's time to start publishing the crime scene photos so our lawmakers and NRA warriors can understand on a visceral level what they have wrought.  I have no other good ideas to change this sorry state of affairs.", "Symbolism is a poor substitute for living beings. Keep standing by those guns you so urgently need, and that flag you hold so dear will never fly tall and proud for long again. ", "I hope bump stocks are made illegal after this. I have two guns and a criminal in this city who insinuated he would get me with a pistol.  The two guns are for home only.  That's okay.  N.J. is very people dense and maybe concealed carry would result in innocent victims on the next block from the fight.  But I hope the ways of turning high magazine semiautos into machine guns are outlawed.  One is the bump stock which you can see at youtube and which one report today said was found in the room of this man.  They are legal and they perfectly circumvent the 1986 machine gun ban.  Type in bump stock for AR15 at you tube and you'll see what might have been used.", "Republicans are saying that today is not the day to talk about gun contro. If not today, then when? So many people with hopes and dreams were gunned down in las vegans, because a madman was able to buy machine guns legally. How many more innocent people have to lose their lives, before congress is going to say enough is enough? ", "Once again the knee jerk reaction is to raise the gun issue.  Why didnt the Congressman demand that fertilizer be banned after the Oklahoma City bombing?  Why didn't the Congressman demand that box cutters be banned after 9/11?  What will you do after a semi plows imto a crowd of people?  Why do we distract ourselves from searching for real solutions?", "It's a big country, with nuts of all types on rotation doing crazed things. This is the price you pay for the Bill of Rights. Personally I'd take the protection off of teaching religious lies to children, before I'd take it off of reasonably free ownership of guns. In a perfect world I'd do both.", "The answer, my friend, is blowin' in the wind - the answer is blowin' in the wind.", "Honestly, newspapers and blogs should just save themselves the time and energy and reprint the opinion pieces from the last shooting. I\u2019m pretty sure no one reading would notice since everyone has collective amnesia about these events. Some of them had novel ideas and new approaches which now are being proposed by different journalists as though they were original ideas. If you read some piece today and think, \u201cYes! This could be the solution!\u201d then all you need to do is go back to the pieces written about the last shooting and realize the same solution was proposed before, and ignored and never followed through on.", "26 children didn't prompt action.....why would 50-someone adults prompt any?", "I will not forget. I will support the Gaby Gifford's group and any other lobby that strives for better,saner gun control laws.  I wish every politician and lobbyist who defends our archaic laws had to wash and wrap these bullet riddled bodies in plastic shrouds.  I wish they had to comb the victims hair, clean up their faces and cover the worst of their wounds so that the mother,father child or spouse does not have a last image that will give them nightmares for the rest of their days.\nI will not cast my vote for anyone who does not support weapons legislation.  I will vote with my heart and checkbook.  The murder has got to stop.  The first day of hunting season has nothing to do with the weapons used in this massacre.", "A mass shooting from a \"normal Joe\" just doesn't make sense.  There is something very dark and disturbing about this.", "If this weren't so sad, it would be funny.  The leaders of the NRA are immoral, period.", "If congressional representatives are too cowardly to even hold town meetings on simpler subjects, what makes anyone believe they have the guts to vote against the NRA?", "You Have To Fight For Your Right..... To Kill!!\n500 injuries, 58 dead, 1 gun!\nThe Second Amendment is not without limits.  In 1919, Oliver Wendell Holmes said  \u201cThe most stringent protection of free speech would not protect a man falsely shouting fire in a theater and causing a panic.\u201d  We have limited unchecked free speech with laws against libel and slander.  Why can we not do the same with the 2nd Amendment today?  Oh, it\u2019s the money for the gun industry that has the lobby that the print industry didn\u2019t have when Holmes argued Schenk Vs. US.\nI have no issues with most guns, but automatic weapons, large capacity clips and silencers go against the spirit of the 2nd Amendment.  I know for a fact that most people I know who argue for their 2nd Amendment rights can\u2019t even quote it! ", "Agreed!!  Nothing will change unless we change a deaf government.  That means removing all Senators and Representatives that are beholding to the NRA!!  These individuals will continue to hold the American public hostage as long as the NRA contibutes to their re-election.  I for one am tired of politicians being bought and paid for by outside interests!", "Sadness, anger and absolute infuriation because the merchants of death and destruction live to see another day, another year, another successful election, another mass shooting and more profit in their bank accounts from the sale of guns, ammo and every gun accessory imaginable.  We must remove the cancer of the NRA and the politicians who actively participate in the sale of death that has befallen our nation.", "GOP enabled mass murder.\nEvery day.\nOne by one.\nThree by three.\nTens of thousands per year.\nNot the NRA.\nNot the gun industry.\nThe GOP.\nAnd Souls for Seats.         ", "As a Navy veteran (FTG3 '65-'69) and a retired federal prosecuting  attorney this latest \"unthikable tragedy\" To paraphrase an old Led Zeppelin song: the song will remain the same with the never-ending mass murders by firearms, with ever increasing numbers of victims (including perhaps you and me) unless and until we Democrats and Independents take control of the White House, Senate, and House.\n\nIndeed, I would argue that someone is already planning how to surpass what appears to be the largest mass shooting/murder in out history. And while he will have a tough road to hoe, (given the 59 or more deaths and 500+ wounded) the easy availability of these weapons of war and the cowardice of every Republican office holder who genuflect at the altar of the NRA and who worship Wayne La Pierre (a Vietnam draft dodger like #45   ", "\"Second, congressional redistricting has pulled Republicans so far to the right that anything less than total subservience to the gun lobby is viewed as supporting gun confiscation.\"\n\nI ask; why not? Why can't guns be confiscated? This worked in Australia.\nIs it because Americans are so ignorant, so stupid, that they truly believe the 2nd amendment is untouchable? It is not. Laws written hundreds of years ago by dusty, wig-headed, dead white men can and should be changed. If Catalonia believes they can break constitutional law (signed into effect only 29 years ago) and vote for secession, then we can break the 2nd amendment (or amend it) and ban guns altogether. No one should have a gun. If you want to hunt, you get your back ground check, a licence, go to the park, and rent one, a non-automatic or semi-automatic, preferably a single shot model that you need to reload manually, or even better, a bow and arrow. The 2nd amendment is not, and should not, be untouchable. ", "I was just looking at the fox news website. It's absolutely amazing that after all the shootings in Americans that everyone won't give up your assault rifles. Not the rest of the guns. Just the assault rifles. Assault rifles are not needing in the home. You can still shoot and intruder with a hand gun or normal rifle. The rest of the world is looking at you and shaking our collective heads!! ", "Perhaps a simple ad - \"X (Congressman or woman's name here) votes killed these people. And then show photos of the people dead. Have loved ones talk about their feelings towards the NRA. Humanize the senseless destruction of human lives caused by NRA funding of politicians. Make it so that politicians are shamed to take NRA contributions, and NRA contributions are toxic.  Launch facebook and instragram and twitter campaigns and introduce new posts every week to flood the internet. Post videos on Youtube and keep them going viral. Do this on right wing sites as well as left-wing sites. It might take a five or ten year cycle to achieve your aims, but where there's a will, there is a way.", "Mr. Israel writes \"Third, the problem is you, the reader. You\u2019ve become inoculated. You\u2019ll read this essay and others like it, and turn the page or click another link. You\u2019ll watch or listen to the news and shake your head, then flip to another channel or another app.\"\n\nActually, no. The problem lies, in part, with a Congress (and Democratic party) that values the preservation of campaign cash flows to safeguard incumbents' seats over everything else. I am an expert on this: I ran for Congress in 2014 hoping to fix some of the cowardly failure to write sensible policy. In spite of raising boatloads of money, winning every single newspaper endorsement, and besting my opponents in public forums, the Illinois Democratic machine fought me every step of the way. Their preference was for a weak candidate from a rich family that had been averaging $20k per year in contributions to machine candidates. \n\nAs chair of the DCCC Mr. Israel played a role in all this. So I lost in the primary, and the nominee continued to be a poor, uneducable candidate (as had been the case during the primary campaign) who lost to a low wattage general election opponent by 18%. \n\nYou can't pass good legislation if you suppress efforts by good people to rise to public office in favor of unelectable hacks just to keep your coffers filled. There's blood in the streets as a result.", "Until the cost of running a campaign is limited or controlled in some way, the NRA will have excessive influence.  ", "In a country where Donald Trump was elected president, where the ruling party owns the presidency, the congress and the supreme court yet cannot put together a health care bill that doesn't destroy lives and further enrich the special interests that put them there, where those same politicians work day and night to make sure the flow of money into their re-election coffers remains unabated, where the disdain they have for their constituents is demonstrated on a daily basis as they toggle between what they say to get to elected and what they do once they are elected... in the face of all this it is beyond insulting to be admonished by a former member of this amoral cabal of self-interested fortune hunters. It is ironic that a man who, apparently, walked away from any further effort once he was schooled in the ways of the congressional world - who now does what? writes essays for the NYTimes? - scolds us for turning the page and clicking on another channel or app.\n\nThe fact is, Mr israel, many, many, many, many of us are beyond frustration with the members of congress who shake our hands, kiss our babies and take our money on the campaign trail, only to watch one after another of them fall in line at the special interest trough once in place. No matter who we elect, the result is the same. No matter how loud we protest, the result is the same.  \n\nYou gave up and quit. We're still trying. Show us the man or woman who won't walk away from the fight and we'll put them in office. ", "As horrified as we are by the carnage nobody should be surprised. For all the talk about the sanctity of life, in reality America has embraced a culture of death.  When just about anybody can get military grade weapons and ammunition whose only purpose is to kill other human beings, and when the country is awash in  this weaponry it is inevitable that some individuals will act on their deepest and darkest fantasies and unleash death on their fellow citizens. To quote Deep Purple: \" See the blind man, shooting at the world, bullets  flying, taking toll, If you've been bad, oh lord I bet you have, and you've not been hit, by flying lead, you better close your eyes, bow your head, wait for the ricochet.", "Over 500 people have been murdered in Chicago alone, this year, alone. Mostly by guns.\n\nYet even when the murderers are caught, their jail sentences are often light, certainly very few serve life sentences. Each criminal has a rap sheet a mile long, yet they're out and about. The justice system in Chicago is one huge joke. \n\nObviously these shootings like Sandy Hook and Vegas are tragic. \n\nYet those events are the ones used to grind the gun control ax, no one dares raise the out-of-control crime issues in Chicago, Baltimore, Detroit, etc or you get called \"Racist!\" the moment you do. \n\nWhen an ISIS event happens, the Left shrugs its collective shoulders and preaches that \"those are the price we pay for free societies\" and we have commenters that actually defend the ISIS attacks. When a shooting occurs by the likes of a Paddock all we hear is \"gun control-gun control\".\n\n If Paddock were an ISIS operative, the Left would be telling us to 'put up and shut up for the sake of \"free societies\" '. ", "Another morning, another massive loss of life to disease - in this case, not one driven by microbes, but one sustained by a very unbalanced mind. Each time this happens we want to believe that somehow it can be controlled, or at least managed. But, nothing changes. Instead, the U.S. has become a land of rampant terrorism without a cause, and these mass killers are America's suicide bombers. Over the recent decades the U.S. has become perhaps one of the scariest countries in the world because I never know when and where the next suicide bomber will show up. What will it take for the U.S. to stand up and do something that will make it safe to listen to music in a group, to visit a park, or walk across a college campus? The height of the flag on the flagpole won't make a difference. Tragically, Congressman Israel is correct - nothing will change until there is a massive uprising by American citizens to demand a complete overhaul of the process by which a person can obtain tools designed to kill. ", "Just tell me this Healthcare,the environment,gun control,race,science why is the party the most backward in such a good position.", "We have to throw the congress out of bed with the NRA.   As long as they keep taking from the NRA they will do nothing.   But we the people can do something, by making sure these people are not re-elected.   The NRA only care about selling more and more guns.  Maybe if someone in their family with shot they would feel the pain of the hundreds of people who have been victims of these mass murders.", "Don't vote for anyone who supports or is supported by the NRA. Any other approach will likely fail.", "Democracy has a price.. all the political contributions are indirectly paid by the citizens.The politicians shall be free of money interference.You just have to properly cap electoral expenses and refund it to the candidates achieving minimal results....NRA money will be out and your politicians free .It is done by a lot of countries and work well", "Create a soundtrack of the massacre and broadcast the horror as Congressman campaign during the 2018 elections. It's the only way to stop this madness.", "All part of the anti-life-yes anti-life- view of the world from our republican congressional members. Death by gun, death by taking away health care -ok- we still have Obamacare but then we lost CHIP this weekend-clearly kids count for nothing more than adults. Unless you are rich and contribute to  reelection campaigns you count for little. All this is so unChristian, so sad.......", "And just what are we to do?  The American people, both republican and democrat, want gun control legislation to pass.  We want background checks.  We want a ban on assault weapons.  But republican congress people do nothing.  We, in the blue states are powerless.  Sure, we vote for our legislators who also want change and we give money opposing those who value NRA support over people's lives but then what?  Write letters to the Times?  Join another march?  We are not turning the page and moving on. We are fighting this fight with both hands tied behind our backs.  It is not our lack of fight and passion that keeps us from succeeding, it is your heartless, soulless colleagues who have taken us to this places. But hey, we are in their thoughts and prayers so I guess things will be just fine.", "If my memory is accurate, last time there was talk about more gun control (probably after Sandy Hook?), 96 percent of Americans were in favor of stricter gun controls.  Congress never bothered themselves to get a bill about stricter controls.  Question: if 96 percent of Americans want this, why no proposals?  My answer:  it is the Dark Money \u2014 our government has moved away from serving for the best interests of our citizens\u2014it is ALL about $$$$", "Maybe if our lawmakers had to attend every victims funeral things might change.", "The United States will never be great again as long as it continues to fail to fix its problems: gun violence, guaranteed health care for all of its citizens, preparing for and responding to predictable natural disasters, making the necessary changes to address global warming, etc...\n\nUnfortunately, with our Putin installed, ignorant fake president, precious time is slipping away and we are moving in exactly the wrong direction. God help us all.", "Boycott Las Vegas until NV enacts gun controls. It is uniquely vulnerable because if we can shut it down the whole State withers.", "The logic of the pro-gun lobby puzzles me.\n\nWe need guns to keep the government from taking our guns:\n\nNo.   Governments can take over control regardless of how many civilians have guns.  A small militia of civilians would be of little consequence to the millions of men and dollars that the government controls.\n\nOnly a good guy with a gun can stop a bad guy with a gun.\n\nNo, unless you define the world \u201conly\u201d to mean three percent.  56% are stopped by the suicide of the assailant, 26 % are stopped by police action, 13% are stopped by unarmed civilians, and 3% (about 20 incidences) are stopped by armed civilians. \n\nThe second amendment gives Americans unimpeded rights to have arms.\n\nNo.  The 2nd amendment states that citizens have the right \u201cto keep and bear Arms\u201d and this right \u201cshall not be infringed.\"  Nobody agrees to this, otherwise everybody would have the right bear arms such as atomic bombs and sarin gas. This illustrates that the question is not whether arms are \u201cinfringed\u201d, but to what degree arms are \u201cinfringed\u201d.\n\nHaving a weapon makes you safer.\n\nStatistically, people who maintain guns are more likely to die from a gun.   States with higher levels of household gun ownership have higher levels of firearm crime.  Counties with higher levels of household gun ownership have higher rates of household burglar.  \n\nThe list of crazy arguments goes on forever. I just don't get it!", "When does my right to life supersede your right to own a gun? Every single day.", "My fellow, Americans this is what corporate America's gun lobby with the complicity of Congress have wrought.  I served in the military and precisely because of my respect for what these powerful assault weapons can do I never hunted again. These assault weapons are designed, tested and certified to kill masses of people, not deer, or bear. Allowing these assault weapons to be sold because corporations have monetized somebody's desire to feel powerful, as they strut around the public with their weapons dangling off their shoulders is clearly what this warped policy has allowed: the terrorization of good public order. If the twenty children and six adults of Sandy Hook, aren't enough, nor the 14 killed in San Bernardino, are the 58 deaths and 500 plus wounded in Las Vegas finally enough? \n\nThe gun lobby and Congress don't care, and they won't until we demand our rights to be free from the tyranny and terrorism of these assault weapons. Clearly the Second Amendment did not envision all weapons, so spare me the warped NRA propaganda. ", "I will be happy to explain to you, \"Why not?\"\nBecause there is very little that congress can do that is not stupid.\nYour proposal to limit gun purchases to sane people is a nice idea, but few mass murderers are insane or obtained their weapons through legal channels.\nSo raising the bar on legal purchase is a start.\nDo you know what would be a bigger start?\nThe Donald's wall.\nIt's not just rapists and drug pushers flooding across our border, there is brisk trade in illegal weapons, including automatic firearms, of the kind used at Las Vegas.\nOther than that, sound and fury signifying: bleeding heart prattle.\nThere are abroad in this land more handguns than on some continents.\nThe solution?\nA wave of gestapo-like police raids to remove handguns from legal, registered gun owners?\nDeath penalty for individuals violating gun laws?\nField enforcement by police departments?\nActually, the latter is probably the most reasonable suggestion.\nWhile it won't stop mass shootings, it had a salubrious effect on gun safety in the suburb in which I grew up.\nIt was understood that people arrested for crimes, like burglary, car theft, even rape, would be brought to the police station for processing.\nBut individuals caught with firearms began their trip through the system with a visit to the emergency room of McNeal Memorial hospital,\nAfter a ride down the concrete PD basement stairs.\nAnd it worked. No shootings, until civil rights of criminals became more important than public safety. ", "Do we need the 2nd Amendment at all?\nIt seems to be used to prove that God Said we all have the right to buy assault weapons and use them against anybody we want to.", "Binghamton, NY, 2009. Not sure why my town usually gets left off these macabre lists, but it hurts me to see the 13 neighbors who diedi n 2 minutes (along with the gunman) left off the lists.", "I hear the Trump administration has unveiled a new travel ban. From now on, the list of \"dangerous\" countries barred from entering the US will include the US. \"Any Americans found already living in America will be rounded up and deported,\" said a White House spokesperson. \"White, Anglo-saxon males, in particular, are a growing threat to the US's peace and stability,\" she said. \"For years, they live under cover as normal citizens, then they randomly attack! It's textbook terrorism.\" The Trump administration promises that all Americans will be deported in \"a matter of months,\" making the country safe for guns \"to finally live in peace.\"", "Our thoughts and prayers are with you. Our votes, however, are owned by the NRA. Sincerely, Congress.", "Steve, I'm sure your failure to mention Sandy Hook Elementary is just an oversight.\nOnly by changing the gun culture caN we win this war.", "Of course nothing will change.\nThe GOP is in the pock of the NRA.\nMoney, Party, Votes.\nAmericans are dead last.", "Adherence to the 2nd Amendment is a nonsense. It is a religious faith that will never concede to rational argument. The NRA is a despicable organisation. There will have to be a a bigger shift in societal thinking before the practicalities of implementing gun law can be developed.", "The people in Congress are receiving silver dollars in exchange for their votes.\n\nNot many at that. They are bought off easy. Pennies for each person they aided in murder; pennies for each person who committed suicide by gun; pennies for the grief of family and friends; pennies for the medical care required.\n\nTaking bribes in part of a conspiracy to kill. \n\nVote them out. Vote out the NRA.", "Its ironic that I left America for her bugbear, her bogeyman, her undeclared enemy, Russia. I have seen my father attempt to kill my mother, my stepbrother was killed by my cousin, friends have killed friends, themselves, been killed by strangers, so many times that I began to fear my sons and daughters death by a psychopath. Americas problem isnt guns, it is a childish allergy to any kind of pain or suffering, a \"right\" to run away from pain is not sane, its insanity. Look at Americas drug problem. Cant sleep? Drugs. A little depressed? Drugs. Knee hurt? Opiates. Nervous? Benzos. I came back in 2015 and was shocked that literally every person I met was on some drug, legal or illegal or decriminalized. Add to this, within days of my visit my sons friend was shot by the police. In four years here Ive witnessed no gangs, no fear of police by the people, no pandemic of drugs, not one single gun shot, by police or otherwise. When my daughter plays outside, Im calm, naturally and I pray to God for my birth nation.", "The worst part, the most horrific part is that we have not YET hit rock bottom. How many dead bodies will it take? 100? 500? 1,000? ", "\"Third, the problem is you, the reader. You\u2019ve become inoculated.\"\n\nYou said it yourself, Mr. Israel, 80% of us want automatic weapons to be heavily regulated. So, no, this one's on your colleagues, the members of Congress whom we've voted into office to protect the citizens of this country and who can't be bothered to do their jobs.", "Thou Shalt Not Kill.. why does it only apply to zygotes in utero and not living breathing children? where is the moral outrage for them?", "We need a bill to remove the metal detectors from the Capitol - that should make for some useful sound bites, come reelection.", "I am an ordinary citizen.  I have no political power whatsoever.  So, one thing I can do is use this small space to cry out from my heart, \"Please do something to stop this horrific, hellish violence!\"  Guns, guns, guns, are at the root of the problem, so deal with it.  No more excuses.  No more Muslim bans.  This was a crazy American who was able to arm himself with an arsenal of military weapons. How is this possible?  Doing nothing is the same as encouraging the next nut to beat the carnage record.  Shame on us if we allow it to happen.", "In America, the Republican Party will give you the right to own an unlimited number of guns, including assault rifles, but they'll gleefully deny you health care when you get shot by one. What a great country we live in.", "People have to wake up and realize that owning a gun or even a lot of guns will not protect them against the \u201clone\u201dnutter or even a terrorist.  About 60 people were killed and hundreds were wounded Sunday evening in Nevada.  Many of these people were/are gun owners and supporters of gun owners\u2019 \u201crights\u201d or even NRA members.  The politicians they voted into office also support gun ownership.  It did not save them or their families.  The gun lobby is not going to step up and pay the medical bills, they are not going to help with funeral expenses, they will not help the injured keep their jobs or even their homes.  With hundreds killed or injured there are kids left without parents and parents will have staggering medical bills to cope with.  Sure, some funds were raised, but no where near enough. Be sure of this \u2014 your \u201cfriends\u201d at the NRA will NOT be there to help you.  Your precious, precious 2A is not going to help much either if you have to spend the rest of your life in a wheelchair.", "The problem is that Congress and the Executive Branch DO NOT AND HAVE NOT represented \"we the people\". And SCOTUS said \"Sounds like a plan\". \n\nA handful of billionaires elect our officials and send little lobbying soldiers off to remind them they are bought and paid for.\n\nThe majority of Americans want background checks, limits regarding mental illness. I guarantee abused women trying to get out of a bad situation wants something done. The people in gang infested neighborhoods dodging bullets want something. THE ONLY ONES WHO DON'T ARE THE GUN MANUFACTURERS. \n\nThe majority of Americans, the AMA, hospitals, nurses and even insurance co were against the last death warrant from the GOP and yet they promised a few they'd repeal it so they tried to ram it through cloaked in darkness.\n\nAnd the worst part is none of you care or have the guts to stand up for the people you're supposed to represent. Dancing for dollars and watching your values swimming down the bowl just to be a puppet on a string. ", "The Framers of the Constitution also declared that African Americans were three-fifths a white person.  The Framers made mistakes.  Repeal and replace the Second Amendment.", "People in America are living in the nightmarish, hellhole world created by the likes of Wayne LaPierre. To go from providing a model of what to do to providing a model of what not to do is one hell of a step down for a country to take in this world. Wayne, exactly how much do you love that multi-million dollar salary from the National Rifle Sellers Association (NRSA)?", "It was only in 2008 that Scalia and 4 other justices decided to give the right to individuals to bear arms and these arms included semi-automatic weapons. If that was their interpretation why stop at semi-automatic weapons.\nWhen the 2nd amendment was written in 1991, militias had the right to bear arms and the weapons that were available were muskets. A strict  constitutionalist like Scalia should have stuck with the original version  including the muskets.\nThe problem is that there are justices  beholden to business interests (so called conservatives) and the minority that works in the best interests of society in general. ", "Your Op-Ed could suggest that there is no path forward.  Hopefully it is just very rutted.\n\nYou share the objection of an Arkansas representative, who explains a pro gun position on the basis of \u201cmy constituents close school to hunt.\u201d\n\nLet\u2019s be clear.  \n\nGood hunters are passionate about gun safety.\n\nGood hunters believe you never need more than 3 rounds in a weapon.  Ever.\nGood hunters understand guns are tools designed for one purpose, to kill.\n\nA suggestion for consideration: From your platform back a bill that requires that to own a gun the owner must have passed a gun safety course, and more importantly, have learned how to kill.  The best certified course that the United States offers to learn how to kill is service in the Armed Forces.  Specifically, support and pass a bill that makes the requirement to own a gun be that the prospective owner must have successfully served in the United States Armed Forces.  No service, no gun.  Don\u2019t qualify for service, no gun.  Too young to serve, and your parent wants to teach you how to hunt or use guns; then commit to serve when you come of age.  Fulfill the commitment to serve, and you were able to start your gun ownership early.  Renege on the service commitment, or fail to serve because you are not qualified to serve; loose your ownership privilege.\n\nIf this suggestion has merit, use your platform to advocate as a possible path forward.", "The Republicans are correct. Now is not a good time for a national discussion on gun control because the manufacturers are too busy ramping up production to meet the post Las Vegas spike in demand. ", "There can be no justification for permissible use of semi automatic or automatic weapons.  I have often thought that what was required to break the back of this debate was a scale of violence that even the most professional of politicians could not ignore - my sense of scale is clearly different to the members of congress", "The tragedy is that the mass shootings we witness day in and day out are acceptable costs to maintain public access to guns for the Congress.  Until we change that dynamic, we will not see legislation to curb guns in this country.  ", "I don't think it helps to talk about \"gun control.\" It will get nowhere.  But I do ask some of my representatives to re-consider how they support the second amendment given recent mass murders, the continued carnage of African American youth by each other in North Charleston and elsewhere and the high rate of domestic violence in South Carolina.  The legislature came close to doing something. \n\nI do think change is possible and inevitable but not by using the language of Long Island liberals.  And, strange as it may seem, it may be Trump that begins to turn the debate in the other direction. ", "The power of your vote can make a difference.\n\nReelect no one. No one from either party and do not support any candidate that accepts gun lobby and or NRA dollars.\n\nComing elections will be filled with anti NRA candidates and once there is no one left to buy the clout of the NRA will fall.\n\nAs adults we cannot elect pro-NRA candidates (DJT and GOP cronies) and then wonder why mass shootings are on the rise.\n\nYou get what you vote for.\n\nNothing will change as long as we have no political operatives with the political will to say no and ACT in direct opposition to the NRA.", "Gun control is only a political issue because our politicians take money from the NRA. For the rest of us, it's not political - it's about personal safety and freedom to live our lives without fear that we will be gunned down at a concert, movie, shopping mall, school or office. \n\nThe White House says we shouldn't politicize the event - if that's the case, we have to get the gun money out of Congress.  That will separate guns from politics.  And when the NRA shills say \"now\" is not the time to discuss it, they need to be honest that they mean \"never.\" It reminds me of the New Yorker cartoon - \"how about never? Is never good for you\"? Because that is what they mean - they want to discuss this never. Now, they just want to offer prayers - to which I say, get a job in the clergy and leave the legislature to those who want to solve problems.  \n\nAt this point, our only option is to solve this problem without them. We the people need to work with local law enforcement, schools, grass roots groups, and even corporate America to solve this problem. Congress has shown they are a lost cause.", "The first question in these mass shootings is always, \"was it a terrorist attack?\", which we all know to mean, was it perpetrated by a Muslim. My question is, what difference does it make who's doing the killing? The instrument and outcome is identical. In fact, ISIS and their wannabes would be hard pressed to keep up with how our own people routinely terrorize us.\n\nAfter these horrific tragedies, the republicans use their \"go-to line\" when asked whether the current shooting will finally warrant some regulations...\"now is not the time to bring politics in\". But who other than politicians view gun regulation as something political? Eighty to 90 percent of Americans agree there should be some common sense regulations put in place; it's not political to us, it's just clearly what's called for. But these politicians aren't concerned about what the American people want or need, their loyalty is bought, in this particular case, by the gun lobby who is all too willing to sell our lives in exchange for satisfying their soulless greed. Before blaming the people for their complacency, perhaps the congressman should first consider the complete lack of leadership in his party. Our democratic congress seems to only awake from their comas in the 11th hour and return to their slumber at the strike of 12.\n\nAnd crazy concept...rather than solely an issue of racism, perhaps the increase in police shootings correlates with the astronomical proliferation of unregulated firearms on the streets.", "We, the 80%, cannot forget. With voices and dollars, we need to stand up to the NRA and the gun lobby fringe. We must start now to defeat silencers.\n\nCriminal experts will spend substantial resources trying to understand why this shooting occurred. What counts far more is that it can occur.", "All voting citizens must make control of firearms as a part of whom the are going to elect.  We can at least try - America needs a creative solution to normalize our environment via guns. Possible referendum for all voters to announce their opinions not just elected \"bought\" officials.", "Sadly, words no longer matter on this issue or many others. Washington is not tone deaf, but deaf, led by a nose ring by the NRA and red state legislators more interested in keeping their job than doing the right thing.", "This insane carnage will never end because it vividly displays exactly how little power \"We The People\" actually have. While the vast majority of Americans (even members of the NRA) support some restrictions on guns, we have politicians who are bought and paid for by the NRA. We can debate whether we are an oligarchy or a plutocracy but one thing is certain, we are no longer a democracy.\nIt is a sorry commentary on the state of this former Republic when the sanest voice comes from the satirical paper, \"The Onion.\" \"NO WAY TO PREVENT THIS,\" SAYS ONLY NATION WHERE THS REGULARLY HAPPENS.\nI  ", "This country is doomed, Americans deserve better law markers; as the Congress is so dividesd, doing nothing, every legislation is confined by money. This kind of Congress is no better than other government even including one party system like China whose government can boost infrastructure, improve universal healthcare, improve business, education system, science, energy, climate, violence/gun control, etc.", "The NRA, backed by the large gun companies, and enabled by the GOP created this shooter.  In fact, the NRA, with its anti-regulation stance encourages people like him to acquire weapons--lots and lots of weapons.  The more weapons purchased, the more profits made, allowing the gun companies to invest more in the NRA and the GOP campaigns.  \n\nAllowing the NRA, the GOP, and the large gun companies to shove the 2nd amendment down our throats while our citizens lay bleeding is not only unpatriotic, it is inhumane.  How about we start putting our people first?  How about we start putting the safety of our children first?  How about we start acting like an intelligent, compassionate, powerful country, instead of cowards, running scared from the likes of the GOP and the NRA?", "When asked to rise for a moment of silence: Take a knee.", "Congress works in mysterious ways: they offer payers to the dead, but then shield gun manufacturers from third-party liability and currently support new laws relaxing purchases of gun silencers, armor-piercing bullets, and concealed carry laws.  Could you imagine if the Las Vegas gunman was able to shroud the noise of his machine guns, by employing silencers?  The police would have had a much more difficult time finding the killer's location.  \n\nClearly congressional action speak louder than words (or lives)!", "It occurs to me that every congressman and senator who accepts money from the NRA carries at least some responsibility for the gun deaths that plague our country.\nTo these \"upholders of the law\": Every time you vote against sane gun control you are voting for the havoc wrought by the various madmen who are shooting up our streets. Think about that the next time you're in church praying to the Prince of Peace.", "It's time to admit: no, we don't live in a democracy. Our country is run by oligarchs' big money, Christian fundamentalists and the gun lobby.\nWe get politicians we didn't vote for who make laws we don't support. That's not how democracy works. \n\nAnd no, we don't live in the greatest country in the world. There are better and safer choices, countries that take good care of their citizens. Countries that don't let people die in the name of an obsolete constitutional amendment. Countries that don't keep a huge chunk of their population in jails for no reason other than skin color. Private jails for profit, to top it. \n\nWake up, America. ", "Has strict gun laws worked in other countries? Carnage has been everywhere.\nAnd how does Congress prevent some loon from plowing people down with a vehicle?", "I, like Jocelyn Ahlers, would like Representative Israel's suggestions on what I can do that has any chance of getting even minor restrictions on automatic weapons, large ammunition clips, etc, etc. I too live in California and my Congressman would vote for any reasonable restrictions. I know this because I know him personally and know he is not cowed by the NRA or any other so-called \"Second Amendment Rights\" organization. MEM makes pertinent comments that mirror my thoughts. What ARE we to do???", "\"The only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun.\"  That's what NRA's Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre\u00a0says.  So...where were all the good guys with guns?  Where?  A country music festival in Las Vegas...should have been packed with guns.  What good did they do?  ", "What ever happened to the sacred duty of politicians to educate the electorate?  Why cannot the Democrat from Arkansas explain to his constituency that sensible gun control will preserve, not impair, hunting? Why has staying in office through the next election cycle instead become the sacrament?\nHere's a soundbyte for those cowards in Congress:  the only true act of 'pure evil' is doing nothing in the face of this carnage.", "This quote from Mr. Israel\u2019s piece - \u201cany vote for gun safety would lower their N.R.A. scores, making them casualties in the next election\u201d - reminds me of another quote: \u201cI was so busy trying to keep my job that I forgot to do my job.\u201d\n\nTo all the politicians who will now make a big show of moments of silence and deliver grandiose quotes about how terrible this is and then turn around and vote against reasonable restrictions on the sale of weapons of war to civilians: this is on you.", "The opinions of our Congress are bought with blood money bribes.\nGuns control opinion bought by The NRA.\nHealthcare opinion  bought by Insurance and Big Pharma.\nWar opinion bought by The Bomb makers.\n\nWe the people means nothing anymore.", "\tI do not remember a time before mass shootings. I am almost twenty-one years old and my whole life I have flipped on the news and seen events similar to what happened in Las Vegas. My mind processes these events as egregiously wrong, but I move on with my day and I honestly do not think about it. I know that sounds really twisted, but these stories have been around my whole life. I am so desensitized to violence in this country that I am able to compartmentalize it and only think about it when I want to.\nDespite my generation\u2019s desensitization, I think we have a strong chance of improving gun control laws. Very few people I know view stricter gun control legislation as a breach of the second amendment. My parents\u2019 generation defends our constitution with emotional zeal that millennials just do not have. We also never saw a world where mass shootings were not a common thing. We do not know how it was before.\nI believe that my generation, despite political affiliation, is so tired of seeing death due to gun violence in the news that they are ready to try any solution to fix the problem, even if it may compromise some of their beliefs in terms of government involvement. We are desensitized to these issues, but we still see the numbers. We remember lock in drills and talking to our teachers about what to do if there is a shooter in the building. I hope that when my peers are the ones in office that we see some drastic change. ", "Until our elected officials, especially Republicans, personally experience the loss of family members and loved ones to the bullets fired by a nut job with an AR-15\nthere is no hope of change. Even then the NRA will be victorious. Our government and ALL of our elected officials our accessories to mass murder. ", "The Washington Post has a piece where you can find out how much money the NRA has given to current individual members of Congress.\n\nhttps://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/national/nra-donations/?hpid=hp_...\n\nIf you find your representative or senator there, let them know that you know. ", "The NRA has donated $122,550 to Kentucky members of Congress who are currently in office. Of course, Senator McTraitor only wants to talk about thoughts and prayers at this time. Notice the NRA bought him for $26,300. I wonder how they settle on the purchase amounts?\n1. Rep. Hal Rogers (R)$41,400\n2. Rep. Ed Whitfield (R)$34,850\n3. Sen. Mitch McConnell (R)$26,300\n4. Rep. Brett Guthrie (R)$10,500\n5. Rep. Andy Barr (R)$5,000\n6. Sen. Rand Paul (R)$2,500\n7. Rep. Thomas Massie (R)$2,000  \n\nHow does it feel to prostitute yourself to Wayne LaPierre boys? We already know you have no problems sleeping at night. Add the innocent victims of Los Vegas to the ever-growing long list of people you helped kill and wound. You are the enablers of mass murderers!\nThe link below will help you find the Congressional enablers of mass murderers from your state. it will also tell you how  much money the NRA had to fork over for their souls.\nBe sure to send them your thoughts and prayers!\n\nhttps://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/national/nra-donations/?deferJs=...", "Flags lowered, tweets and prayers, blah blah blah.\nNothing will change until a mass shooting happens inside The Capitol.\nOnly when their miserable skin is on the line will they do something for the people that elected them.\nWe don't pay them to pray but to pass laws. If prayer is their vocation let them join a convent. ", "Our country is hostage to a subculture of violence, paranoia, and magical thinking.", "The NRA is an evil, criminal organization, both controlling of and supported by the evil, criminal GOP.  It's dangerously delusional not to realize this. This country is being held hostage by these 2 criminal organizations. No, this is not hyperbole. ", "Here is my suggestion. Get a group together that all goes to congress and sits in the gallery on the same day.  Preferably a day when there is actually someone in the hall. Everyone bring a ripe tomato. At some point, everyone throws their tomatoes at a legislator. And someone says very loudly - \"You are lucky this is not Sandy Hook, or Las Vegas, etc. etc. and so forth. You would be dead. Do something about gun control!\" ", "Mr. Israel's colleagues in the US Congress will not act to control firearms because they are not full, compassionate and emotionally or psychologically healthy human beings. Any senator or congressional representative who has accepted money or support from groups opposed to more gun control has shown they value money more than human beings. Their values are seriously skewed, and that is dangerous to the governance of our society.  Unfortunately that is also why they run for public office -- narcissism and misplaced energies. My suggestion for a first attempted fix is to vote straight Democrat -- been doing that for years now. It's not perfect, but it is one way to get on the road to national betterment.", "The only thing the GOP has proven is that it doesn't care if Americans die. Gun violence, poverty, wars without cause or foreseeable end - once you're past the fetal stage, your life is without value. Voters have resoundingly agreed. We should all be deeply ashamed.", "This is complete madness. \n\nThe gun that is used so often in these mass shootings is an AR type weapon. These guns use .223 ammo which is too small for deer and too big for varmints.  It is the perfect caliber for one animal: humans.  It travels at a much faster velocity than other rounds and tumbles and skids within human flesh, maximizing damage.  The wounds are devastating and gruesome.  Its small size makes it ideal for large, 30 round magazines (stop calling them \"clips\"). This caliber should be banned altogether. \n\nThere are also larger rifles- such as AR type rifles that chamber the .308 round.  This round is actually useful for hunting. Given its larger diameter, the largest magazines for these weapons holds 20 rounds. This is wholly superfluous for deer hunting as you've missed your opportunity for the kill after 2 or 3 shots.  The ideal law would limit these semi-auto rifles to 5-round magazines.  Better yet ,they would limit them to bolt-action only.  \n\n100 round \"drum\" magazines and \"bump stocks\" should also be illegal. \n\nBut none of this will ever happen...", "You put into words why a representative government, such as ours, isn\u2019t always the best form of government. You (elected officials) want to do something and we (the people) overwhelmingly want you to do that something but you will definitely not do that something because our you are afraid of losing the your next election because a very small, but somehow very powerful lobby is (at best) figuratively holding a gun to your head threatening your livelihood should you act. Why not put this vote directly to the people? We have nothing to fear. ", "Are mass shootings and Congress's failure to stand up to the NRA both symptom and cause of an America's decline?\n\nAre we the people unable to speak loudly and clearly enough to our leaders that change is essential to our moral and cultural survival?\n\nIs the absurd death of thousands insufficient to demonstrate an irrational hold on an Amendment that continues to be misinterpreted?\n\nAs a people, do we lack the courage and the power to elect leaders who also possess those traits, so they might stand up to a lobby responsible ethically for so many deaths?\n\nAnd what is it about us, collectively as a nation, that we refuse to demand our leaders make substantial change? \n\nAre \"thoughts and prayers\" our first and last go-to now? \n\nIf so, we might as well all stick with our impotent President, be content as well with empty, stupid rhetoric, watch the news, and know the next shooting will shock us again -- but soon rest comfortably knowing our own guns are safe in the closet, for some vague reason of freedom and self-defense, while children and other innocents will have again lost their lives.", "The Framers of the Constitution had in mind muzzle loaded muskets firing a single shot ball when the wrote the Second Amendment. They could never have remotely imagined how their words would later be used to justify private ownership of semi-automatic weapons (that with slight modifications can become automatic machine guns), whose only purpose is to kill masses of people. To a man, I am sure they would be sickened by the perversion of their intent. ", "The nation was founded on the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. However, when the perceived right to own as many and as high powered \"arms\" as anybody wants interferes with other citizens' right to life, who wins? It seems more and more obvious that it is the arms bearers, every time. After 59 people died from gun violence and hundreds were wounded, stock in gun manufacturers rose.\nSadly, Mr Israel is right. Nothing will change.\nFollow the money and remember what the Good Book says: the love of money is the root of all evil.", "This is the ugliest and most awful thing I have ever said in my life, but I am going to do it anyway. I almost wish that a madman with a machine gun would penetrate Capitol Hill and mow down 50 or 60 of the gun lobby-owned representatives. I don't really mean that; it's just an infernal scream from the horrors of our society. Maybe then we would see some action. But sadly, I have zero faith, zero, that this president and this Congress will do anything at all. Look no further than Sean Hannity. See you next week for the next one.", "Actually Israel is wrong.  Things may get worse.  Congress either has or is considering allowing the purchase of silencers for guns.  These have mostly been banned up to now.  Imagine if that shooter could have put silencers on those rifles.  How many more people could he have shot before people started to react?  This, unfortunately, is the kind of lawmaking we get these days where big money from groups like the NRA, Koch brothers, the Mercers, or corporations controls our politicians and the public good is buried somewhere beneath the tons of lobbyists' cash washing through the coffers of Congress.  So don't expect things to get better. Expect them to get worse. ", "The USA seems like such a hopelessly divided country, everyone talks so loud and is so gung-ho, and it seems to come through in the political discourse and ultimately in the attitude towards guns and violence. The police are very heavily armed and seem under-trained and trigger happy, and the death toll from police shootings is extraordinary....mind-boggling. Then you have these mass shootings and are left with the impression of a population drowning in guns. It seems to me that a dystopian 'Mad Max' type future is already here. I would not want to visit the USA and cannot really understand people who do. They seem to be ok with taking an unhealthy amount of risk. ", "It was the great Chalmers Johnson perhaps who noted \"when war becomes this profitable I guarantee you are going to see a lot more of it.\"  And this has become a war of sorts.", "The ease of access to weapons and ammo has made it possible for a single person to be an independent militia.  There's nothing well regulated about a person being able to legally get the weapons needed to conduct a civilian massacre all by themselves.  \n\nTo give some perspective the unfortunate bombing by a US AC-130 gun ship of the DWB hospital in Afghanistan that went on for over an hour killed 42 people and injured 30 more.  \n\nThe second amendment doesn't give anyone the right to have unlimited deadly force.  The NRA, gun dealers and individuals who sell these weapons are war profiteers, nothing more.  When will this national insanity stop?  \n\nThe NRA argument that if everyone in the audience was equally armed this wouldn't have happened is almost as nuts as saying if you don't wear Kevlar armor when you leave your house, you're obviously looking for trouble. ", "A case needs to be brought (and brought quickly) that encourages The US Supreme Court to revisit the 2008 decision in 'District of Columbia vs. Heller'. Scalia is dead: Thomas, Roberts and Kennedy are still alive and are strict constructionist ideologues. Gorsich is another of their ilk. On the other hand, Kennedy has shown himself to be a justice of extreme compassion...particularly when it has come to death penalty cases and is the one justice who might change his mind. Scalia's majority decision has proven to be a death penalty in and of itself when it comes to guns in The United States. It seems to me that it is certainly worth a try to see whether The US Supreme Court will conclude (in 2017/18) that Heller was wrongly decided. (The acting US Ambassador to Australia has been in television Down Under today, saying that something has to be done about the gun carnage in America.) ", "Here's a dream: all those Congresspersons who lament the shadow of the NRA score could stand up together, for just this one issue, pass some good veto-proof measures, and gracefully take their primary-loss exits, know they actually did something good, know they'll still have their healthcare for life, and be marketable to organizations who want to hire people with principles instead of cheap-suit prostitutes", "Congressman Israel demonstrates precisely why people who favor 2A right don\u2019t trust him.\n\nConsider, after a mass shooting in CT, he said, \u201cnow we can get more background checks and prevent folks with mental illnesses from getting guns\u201d, neither one of which policies had any relationship to the events at Sandy Hook. Just yesterday, the NYT ran a column, in response to LV, with 8 suggested policy changes, not one of which had anything to do with events.\n\nConsider: if you\u2019re so dangerous that you can\u2019t buy a gun (or get on a plane), why are you walking free? (Indeed, if you REALLY wanted to save a lot of lives, you\u2019d prevent young Black males from getting guns; one can hear the cries of \u2018RACIST\u2019 from people just like the Congressman.)\n\nThe Congressman DOES make a point when he demonstrates that much federal spending is absurd, and I look forward to his advocacy for substantial budget cuts at the CDC.\n\nIn response to any stimuli, the inevitable response of the left is getting government to \u201cdo something\u201d, usually to make government bigger, restrict freedom, etc. But note one glaring omission from this piece: any proposed policy which, if implemented, might have stopped what we just witnessed in LV. Instead, the left uses crises as excuses to secure other, wholly unrelated policies.\n\nLeave aside the problem inherent with allowing the actions of a madman to set the bar for freedom. If you\u2019ve got a suggestion, make it. And we can discuss it. If not, what\u2019s the point of this piece?", "I wonder if the people opposed to gun control would change their mind if they knew it was going to be their child killed in an attack instead of someone else's.", "Probably true. This will likely just be another round of jibberjabber between the NRA and the voices of sanity. However, automatic weapons actually are illegal! Someone either sold Mr. Subhuman an illegal gun, sold him the parts to modify it, or helped him modify it. Find anyone that helped, and charge them with 58 counts of murder and 527 counts of assault. We can do all of that under current law. ", "No less sage a philosopher than Joe the Plumber said \"Your dead kids don't trump my constitutional rights\" to own guns.  As long as Republicans are ok with the occasional (or frequent) slaughter of innocents, nothing will change.  Republican members of Congress and the NRA have blood on theirs hands, and they don't mind a bit.", "The final stanza of our national anthem is a question, not a declaration. \n\n \u201cO say does that star-spangled banner yet wave o\u2019er the land of the free and the home of the brave? \u201c\n\nJudging by current headlines and our history, the answer is a resounding \u201cNo\u201d. A bullet-ridden banner now flutters o\u2019er the land of the shot and the home of the corrupt!\n\nShould we stand, sit, kneel, or raise a clenched fist when the ubiquitous verse is sung in schools, games, conventions, and political ceremonies? Standing is hypocrisy. Sitting is indifference. \n\nBetter to kneel in prayer for those who face hate, madness, and bullets. Better to raise a clenched fist in defiance of the cowards in Congress and state legislatures who are bribed and intimidated by the assault-weapons lobby. \n\nBetter to turn your back if you\u2019re too ignorant or cowardly to take a stand! ", "People kill people. It has been so since Eden, where  Cain smote Abel. No law can change the human heart. ", "the extreme right has gained disproportional power in this county, and the NRA is its minion. Well funded and motivated. ", "So, one thing is at the heart of this: congress people's fears of not getting re-elected because of low scores from the NRA. That suggests two roads to action. First, term limits, so congress people can have at least one term where they are immune to the greed for money and power that comes with wanting to keep their job forever. (I won't bother with the \"get the money out of politics\" argument.) Second, how about somebody with a lot of money create an organization to systematically combat (pun intended) and maybe even dismantle the NRA lobbying power? And this is coming from an old, white, rural gun owner. But one who believes in evil. In my book the NRA's endless campaign to support profits from gun sales is as evil as the people doing mass shootings. And\u2014 finally and sadly speaking of evil\u2014 how long will it be before somebody starts a campaign saying that the Las Vegas shooting never happened? They did with Sandy Hook. And how many \"fake news\" devotees will take up that hue and cry? ", "Wow, and all you wanted were safety locks.\nBut abolishing the weapons significantly?\nWhat a silly idea.", "\"you, the reader. You\u2019ve become inoculated..,\" no less an offense than given by any careless generalization, in this case it is you lot who have done the inoculating,  or kool aid retailing, or  dumbing down that had us almost electing a president who thinks that silencers work on machine guns.\n\nmany of those outside your shabby frame have always argued that the ball was dropped we skipped the \"obligation\" part of the second amendment, \"a well regulated militia\" something that escapes even your most ear-piercing whines.\n\nand many of us who have been in uniform further condemn your glib dismissal, your basket-shaming,\nof men and women who will never forget.\n\nlike your failed candidate, herself an insult to all progressives, as chief hijacker of the party of america at work, you make a careless and graceless, divisive and, of course, self elevating remark that reveals your own bad faith.", "Sure makes the Trump travel ban look serious silly. Guess Trump is going to  have to add white, male, gun owners to it. The President and his administration keep claiming that they want to prevent terrorism in America - and what is more terrifying than gun toting white, males? ", "I realized after the Sandy Hook massacre that Congress would never do anything to stop the violence in the USA. They are evidently making money off of it. It keeps people so busy with tragedy and fear that they can pass any stupid legislation they want. We have been brain washed; guns are not \"freedom\"; \"health\" insurance is not healthcare. ", "Lunacy and foolishness and greed and hate and the worship of the mighty dollar and all the sickness it buys - these are the reasons the gun rules our country. These and the Republican Party and its willingness to sacrifice anything anyone to remain in power and collect more dollars to assure more death and more money for guns and ammunition and sufficient hate to use them. Hate, money, guns, death - on and on and on it goes. Who is next? How many? How old? How young? Who cares? Not Congress. Not the President. Not the U.S. Supreme Court. Not enough of the rest of us to matter. Long live the NRA. Everyone else is on their own.", "The simple fact is if the massacre of 20 small children not to mention 6 of their teachers didn\u2019t motivate this country to do something-nothing will. We will continue to have these mass shootings, the media will send their anchors to the site, my Facebook page will be flooded with posts by people saying we need to do something but nothing will happen. This country will continue to experience these tragedies. Period. We\u2019ll move onto Donald Trump\u2019s next idiotic tweet or some other nonsense and this will all be a distant memory until the next time. If 6 and 7 year olds can be murdered and we sit by and do nothing then we\u2019ve given up. ", "We need to silence the congress men and women who support the NRA by voting them out of congress.  Enough is enough.  The silliness of the chant of 2nd amendment rights has been fake. Common sense says assault rifles with silencers are weapons of mass destruction and do not belong in the hands of anybody. ", "Since Columbine, I\u2019ve donated to several gun control organizations and wrote to my congress people after each massacre demanding action. But like congressman Israel says, nothing happens. Actually more guns are sold to more people after every massacre. It\u2019s counterproductive almost. I\u2019m giving up.", "Please stop with the prayers already.  Prayers don\u2019t bring the dead back to life, nor do they give solace to the victim\u2019s family and friends.  The family\u2019s loss is permanent and no amount of praying is going to lessen or erase the pain for the rest of their lives.\n\nDo NRA-bought politicians believe that \u201ctheir thoughts and prayers\u201d is all that is required when fellow citizens are gunned down at the hands of gun-crazed people.  If so, then they all need to be voted out of office in 2018 and replaced with public servants whose job is to protect the lives of every citizen and not kneel at the altar of the NRA.", "I don't think you've stated reason #2 correctly.  What gerrymandering is designed to do is create as many reasonably safe R (or D) districts as possible, while crowding the D's (or R's) into overwhelmingly D (or R) districts.  R's are actually a minority party gerrymandered into a controlling position.  To maintain that control, they need every single R vote.  Even if only 10% of the R's are gun lunatics, the R congressmen have to cater to them, and, hence, a minority of the minority vetoes the policy that 80% of the people support.", "This is not something we can blame on our leaders.\n\nThis is not something that can be corrected by them.\n\nThis is a cancer on our society.  By we, the people.\n\nWhen did it become OK to turn your internal anger into massacre?  When did the common decency of taking your own life become the excuse for carnage?  When did we decide that other people were just targets?\n\nWe must begin by stopping the hate, the dehumanizing of each other.\n\nWe must quit looking at violence - in movies or TV  - or next to each other as normal or even exciting. \n\nWe must look to - cliched?  Love and peace and acceptance as the normal, reasonable state of mankind.  \n\nThis is an abhorrence.  Other species do not do this to each other.  Even predator species only kill for food.\n\nWhat have we become?  Is this the world you want to live in, bring forth your children?    \n\nThe hate, the violence, the disregard for each other must stop.  The weapons of war must not be used on each other.\n\nWe, the people, must make this behavior inconceivable.  ", "Republican voters and their legislators are responsible for this American carnage.  Their gun culture is killing Americans.", "Congress follows the money.  Sadly, that is true of all government.  \n\nWe need public financing of campaigns to remind our representatives that they work for us.  Once we eliminate fundraising -- about half of every day -- the legislature will have more time to work on the people's business.", "\"For all who take the sword will perish by the sword.\" (Matthew 26:52) There may not be justice in this world, but there is in the next. While only God knows the state of mind of Stephen Paddock or any other mass murderer at the moment of their (often self-inflicted) death, most world religions believe that whomever has committed grave evil such as this, and does not repent before his death, will enter hell for all eternity. Hell is not punishment by God; it is punishment the evildoer brings upon himself by choosing to separate himself from God forever. In this world, good and evil are mixed and veiled; in the next, they are separated forever and fully revealed. In hell, being separated from the source of pure good, one's soul is left alone to face the source of pure evil and plunges into an abyss of eternal anguish and despair. Think of the worst kind of suffering and pain you may imagine; hell is far worse. While in this world God's hand is always extended in forgiveness, in the next the unrepentant mass murderer/terrorist will have hell to pay. To those who practice violence and advocate violence, to those who knowingly enable violence by allowing and encouraging guns to proliferate in our streets (NRA), to those in power who turn a blind eye and support the \"right to kill\" over the right to live, and especially to religious conservatives who pretend to believe in Jesus but seem to completely ignore his call to nonviolence, I say: drop your guns and repent while you can.", "Why would anything change?  We, the People, re-elect these incumbent politicians at a rate of 98%.  They don't HAVE to do the right thing because there are no consequences.  Vote a bunch of them out of office and you'll see how fast things change!", "I am not apathetic.  I don't \"click away.\"  But how can I not be discouraged?  A lone gunman shot an entire first-grade class in Newtown - a room full of beautiful, helpless, harmless children - and Congress did not act.  The President wept for the children and their families, and Congress did not act.  A nation was horrified, the pundits raged, and still, Congress did not act.  They will not act for children and they will not act after Las Vegas.  The gun lobby and an ignorant swath of Americans who believe the 2nd amendment entitles them to own submachine guns (why???) hold us hostage with their \"for or against\" mentality - - rational thought and rational laws be damned, I guess.  As long as the Republicans in Congress kowtow to that mentality, we are not safe.  They should be ashamed but then, shame requires a conscience. ", "IMO, the idea of being an \"American\" has far-outlived its usefulness and applicability. I simply share zero culture and values with most of the people populating \"red states\". To my mind, they are just messing-up society, and making things worse for all of us.", "Where are the \"originalists\" in the Supreme Court now? Huh? When the Constitution was written, the weapons referred to in the 2nd Amendment were muzzle-loaded rifles. They were not referring to semi-or fully automatic weapons designed specifically to kill other people. It is infuriating that there is virtually nothing being said on the news about the elephant in the living room - namely gun control. Outlaw these weapons. They have no place in a civilized society. ", "Pro-gun-control people have reached the same point with gun-control legislation that conservative evangelical Christians some time ago reached with same-sex marriage:  the time has come to (1) realize that the battle has been lost and therefore to (2) circle the wagons and adopt an emphasis of DEFENSE AGAINST guns instead of CONTROL OF guns. Conservative evangelical Christians sometimes refer to this as \u201cthe Benedict option\u201d. Gun-control advocates need to adopt their own \u201cBenedict option\u201d. \n\nThis would mean, e.g., installing bullet-proof / -resistant glass in schools, government buildings, etc.; developing Kevlar vests and hats and kids\u2019 backpacks as everyday articles of clothing; developing and carrying lasers as small as laser pointers but that are powerful enough to blind an assailant, etc., etc. \n\nThe time for prevention is long past. Now we have to concentrate on protection.", "At this point it seems like the only thing that can stop this is if someone invents some sort of personal armor that renders bullets useless.  Its 2017, its going to be a tech solution that solves this.  But, then again, we'll probably just find some new weapon to defeat the new armor probably.  Lets hope that new weapon isn't protected by the constitution or worse, the NRA, and makes its way to every tom, dick and stephen paddock who has a massacre fantasy they want to live out.  We can't count on our politicians to protect us from fellow citizens who are evil, we have to count on inventors and innovators, as we always have for everything.", "Hence the urgent need to reform campaign financing. As Mr. Israel points out, the NRA has too much power over its chosen candidates. Hence the \"need\" for politicians to speak out of both sides of their mouths. Reduce the length of campaigning, cap spending, and all of a sudden you may hear something resembling the truth!", "Of all the things that divide our countries, this attitude towards guns and gun crime is the biggest. From the outside looking in, when the country that suffers the most from this type of massacre just refuses to do anything about it other than hold up it's hands and shrug, it just beggars belief. \n\nWhat could possibly be worth paying this price, time and time again?", "This seems to be an extremely touchy subject. I'll try one last (third) time.\n\nIt would be easy to ignore the loudest voices if I were on the other side of gun control: obviously, gun rights activists are winning and gun control activists are losing ... badly; and, despite Las Vegas, there's no indication that Steve Israel's or Dianne Feinstein's track record will improve in the slightest. However, I've always supported rational gun controls in this forum. So, it's frustrating to see intelligent people miss the point so entirely.\n\nThere will be NO sensible controls passed on guns in America so long as the only people agitating for them are those who self-righteously insist on the most rigid and excessive controls. Just as it took an anti-Communist with Nixon's unquestioned credentials to open up China, gun controls won't be sold by liberals, who have convinced gun rights activists that their sole purpose is to \"get the guns\". They won't be allowed even the first step in what those opposed see as an incremental process as damaging to their interests as the one used to destroy tobacco.\n\nSo, do the most strident among gun control activists want merely the pleasure of venting with no hope of accomplishing anything useful, or do they want results?\n\nIf they want results, they need to find champions who are NOT Steve Israel or Dianne Feinstein, but exponents FAR more moderate and credible to the other side.", "As long as gerrymandered Congressional districts exist, there will never be sensible gun control. With the \"promotion\" of Justice Gorsuch and the coming vacancies when Jus. Ginsburg and Kennedy retire, it's a moot point.\n\nAs long as three convicted felons from a northeast city can get a girlfriend with a valid driver's license to go with them to a Pennsylvania gun show and but forty guns in her name, gun control is a moot point.\n\nPsychopaths can get guns as easily as the kids they'll kill can get ice cream cones.", "The bigger problem is that many people in this country think that violence is the solution to every problem.", "We have a bunch of tone-deaf jokers in Congress, corrupt and venal. Most important, they are cowards. They do not do what is right for the country, no matter what the majority wants. We should adopt laws more akin to our neighbors in the north. When a mentally ill person -- or anybody, really -- can be allowed to amass an arsenal befitting a small republic, we have already destroyed ourselves in a million different ways.", "I can't vote in the US but maybe voices from abroad against gun ownership will have an effect too. Three fellow Canadians were murdered in Las Vegas while several others are seriously injured as a result of that violence. I won't be travelling now to the US for any reason...nothing feels safe and life has ceased to be sacred. Maybe American lawmakers will feel the effects of fewer tourist dollars. ", "No doubt we need to reconsider gun laws at state and national levels. But the immediate question is: Why was Mr. Paddock able to get an arsenal of ten rifles and at least one automatic weapon into his Las Vegas hotel room? Today Robert Siegel of National Public Radio interviewed a Los Vegas hotel expert (not the owner of the Mandalay Bay Resort) who said that in many hotels there were metal detectors which would have prevented anyone from bringing such an arsenal into the hotel. If that is true, whey did not the Mandalay Bay have such a metal detector to protect its patrons, and the community, from an atrocious incident such as the one that happened on October 1? Why is no one asking that question? A multi-billion dollar casino industry owes us at least an attempt to prevent such things from happening, and if that is possible with a metal detector, why does not the Mandalay Bay have one? Rather than just wringing our hands, why don't we find that out? ", "This mass murder may be a little different.  The slaughtered Americans were country music fans, likely a more Conservative group than not. Republicans may identify with them better than they did with little children from liberal CT huddled in a classroom corner while they were slaughtered.  I seemed to note a higher level of sincere anger among Conservatives after Congressman Scalise, a Republican was shot - than when Democrat Gabby Gifford was shot.  Only when Republicans identify with someone or something will they support it. ", "This is what a country, a society, a civilization looks like in a death spiral.  \n\nA willful ignoring of the only thing that can actually stop this carnage.  An elected supreme leader who shouldn't even have been trusted selling doublewides in Oklahoma in the '70's.  The richest country on Earth with some of it's absolute worst and most expensive healthcare for it's citizens who toil to make the 1% the richest who have ever lived on this planet.  The inability of our government to stop artificial news from determining major public policy.  Our population who allows it's horrendous bad habit of drug consumption to so infect our southern neighbor so bad that it's people are slaughtered on their streets every night like a real war to insure the drugs continue to flow north.\n\nThis what a country looks like in the years before it ceases.  It will set a new textbook example for future societies somewhere else.", "So question... what does common sense gun law entail?  It seems like common sense is a bit of a misnomer these days.", "The NRA and its supporters are fond of saying how safe we would be if every American was armed with a gun.  But even if all 22,000 country music fans in Las Vegas had been armed, this latest mass murder would not have been prevented.  It is time for a new approach and for an honest debate by all sides of this problem.  Actions, not speeches and prayers, are required now.  This means YOU, Congress.", "We \"need\" to keep all these dangerous people from all these dangerous countries out of America.  We \"need\" to build a wall to keep the criminals out.  But once you are here and have the desire, you can walk in and purchase whatever gun you want.  You want to convert it from semi automatic to automatic, no problem.  You are worried about your hearing, no problem. Silencers are on the way.  Trump calls it \"pure evil\".  What do we do about \"pure evil\"?  Absolutely Nothing.  Violence with weapons is as American as apple pie.  Well from my perspective, it's too late.  The country is already armed like a militia. The first thing that will happen after this tragedy: People will fear someone will take away their guns.  So gun sales will skyrocket. Think about that: a dozen weapons isn't enough. A few thousand rounds aren't enough.  But you won't see tears from Trump.  Nor will he sing \"Amazing Grace\".  For the first order of business will be to make sure Don jr gets his silencer.  A legislative win for the president.  A bill to sign.  The next order of business: legalize mortars and grenade launchers.  No true blue American weapon holder should be without them.  ", "Campaign finance reform. Absent that, reasonable gun control laws will never be passed. We must first take away the undue influence of the NRA. Congressmen in perpetual campaign mode, needing to be reelected every two years, are beholden to their major campaign backers. ", "The question has become how many guns is enough for one man, woman or child to own or need to satisfy their needs or desires?\n\nIs it one or twenty? \n\nThen, the next question is why? Is it protection? From whom? Or for hunting, or recreational use?\n\nSomething has to change or these senseless acts will continue and we will keep asking questions such as why?", "I live in the UK. I own a shotgun, as does my husband and we are both keenly looking forward to the start of the shooting season. To buy or keep a gun we have to own a shot gun licence. The application process involves a reference from our doctor and others, and a visit from the local police. This visit includes checking that  all guns and ammunition are stored in a locked gunsafe. Gun controls do not mean that people with a valid reason for owning guns cannot do so. It means that guns that can kill on an industrial scale cannot be amassed by an individual. ", "The real problem is the system of legalized bribery that we have in our country called political campaign financing. If we had a true system of public financing of campaigns (which would probably cost each of us just a few tax dollars per year), do you think that the NRA would have the weight that they have on our public officials?\n\nAnd by the way... it would solve MANY other issues where Congress does NOT reflect the will of 60%+ of the American people.\n\nWe are losing our Democracy in front our very eyes... we need to defend it in our voting and public work and statements. Thank you for the honesty in this  article. ", "The reaction to these tragedies in a large part of the press is almost always not one word of compassion for those wounded or killed or the their families. Just like the others, this op ed ignores the human suffering and goes immediately to politics and gun control.  We really don't know why this happened and what could have stopped it. At Virginia Tech, the murderer was under court order to get psychological testing.  He didn't go but there was no way to send out a notice to gun shops to not sell to him. That hole has been cemented closed in Virginia.  In Colorado a psychiatrist took the chance in breaking patient confidentiality to warn that Holmes was dangerous. Nothing was done. Doctors need protection when they see danger and report it and when a danger is reported, authorities are demanded to follow up. . In Virginia they have to report signs of child abuse if they suspect it. They are protected from suit by the state. That could be expanded to patient of all ages like in Colorado.  When we know more, we may be able to cement closed the path that ended with 29 guns, thousands of rounds of ammunition, and hundreds killed and wounded. Cementing that hole is gun control  most would support.  ", "Many folks are talking about the freedom to own and carry guns. But too few people are talking about the freedom of not being in fear of getting shot in public. The latter freedom is more important than the former.", "The vast majority of us want effective gun control; the small minority doesn't and it prevails. The majority of us voted for Hillary Clinton; the minority voted for Donald Trump who is now president. The majority of us voted for Al Gore; George Bush was elected and we got the Iraq war. In many states the majority of congressional votes are for Democrats; the Republicans hold the majority of seats. Nationally, the majority of the population leans Democratic in the matter of the US Senate; the small states that are Republican give their party the majority in that body. The effect of a single vote in a gerrymandered district is unequal to the effect of a vote in a district that is not. Where and when does this end?", "I am an immigrant.  My parents applied for and received green cards for our entire family as part of the \"Visa Lottery.\"  They wanted to come to \"America\" because it represented democracy and freedom -- two values sorely lacking in our (post)communist home-country.  And yet it is precisely these two values--democracy and freedom--that we found so challenged as we began to learn more about American society. It seems to me that democracy and freedom are values that only the lucky few who possess the right combination of money, skin color, and gender, can claim--and do so when they can further their social and economic interests.  Our great American government, meant to defend the freedom and democracy of all, works on its own behalf and that of its \"supporters\":  no, not the unemployed 20-some year old in mid-Pennsylvania, but lobbyists, like the NRA, like Pharma, like Coal and Oil.  So much for American democracy and freedom:  we have the freedom to die in a mass-shooting and the right to elect people who will then be bought by the NRA. I hope our elected officials will finally take the will of the people to heart, and engage in a true act of courage:  uphold the values of democracy and freedom for *all,* even if that means upsetting the few.  They too will be safer when stricter gun controls become law.", "Mr Israel, as I\u2019m sure you know, the longest journey starts with a single step. Admittedly this journey will take many steps but here\u2019s a suggested start, defeat the bill on silencers. Responsible gun clubs make their patrons wear ear protection while on the range, sensible gun owners do so without having to be told. There is no sane reason for the average person to need a silencer for a firearm. Next up, trigger cranks and bump stocks. Once again there is nreason that a law abiding gun owner needs one of these devices. Any hunter worth his/her salt should be able to take their game without needing the equivalent of 100 rounds a minute to do so. These are common sense measures that cannot be reasonably be objected to, not even by the NRA.", "I\u2019ve already voted and will continue to vote for representatives that want gun control, so what else can I do?\n\nIt\u2019s a serious question. How else can I affect change?", "Amen Brother.", "I'm so sick of these hypocritical Congressional 'Reps' tweeting prayers.  Prayers don't cut it; the blood of children and adults is on their hands.  Real legislation that implements sensible gun laws is desparately needed.  It's time for us to demand this and stop the NRA's madness!", "What exactly do you propose to stop a previously law abiding, no mental or criminal history, individual from performing heinous acts of this nature.  If he's able to murder dozens of people, the crime of obtaining guns illegally on the black market is trivial.\n\n50,000+ deaths per year from car accidents.\n3,000 babies (or fetus nomenclature if you intend to kill it) every day.\n\nNothing will change.\n\n-------\n\nComing way out of left field for some of you with this statement; when Homo sapiens starting congregating, and living, in groups of tens of thousands (and millions), was a big mistake, and still is.", "Sometimes I think the U.S. has become a death cult. We're stuck in an unending horror movie in which murderousness rules from top to bottom and side to side. ", "Prosecutors: please tell me why those who allow weapons on our streets are not aiding and abetting and therefore accessories to crimes?\nThis is in addition to taking bribes from the NRA.", "Thank you for your efforts Congressman Israel. Question: how did you vote on the legislation to permit firearms in national parks in 2009? I am sad to say that my representative, Nancy Pelosi, voted for the legislation, and that President Barack Obama signed it into law.", " Automatic weapon bullets don't go through you like bullets from a handgun.\nThe devil designed them to blow up inside of you.\nThat way they vaporize your blood vessels and shatter your bones into splinters, as well as blowing up any vital organs that happen to be near the point of entry.\nYou can never really \"recover\".\nRespectfully, can Rep. Scalise, himself targeted by a legally purchased automatic weapon, describe to his cloistered friends in Congress what it is like for him now ?\nAnd he was \"lucky\". ", " I am waiting for the backlash against, and profiling of,  white male wealthy retirees. ", "I lack the hope that this country will do the right thing and reign in the unbridled proliferation of military grade weapons anytime soon. Nothing will happen after Vegas just like Pulse, Sandy Hook, and so many other killing sprees. The NRA and congress are such an ineffectual duo who self profligate by passing gun loving lesiglation in order to get elected. The only concern for them is to protect their station no matter what. Thoughts and prayers are as useful as a paper umbrella. Please oh younger generation; take over this mess and show the adults how adults should act by leading.", "The NRA and the newspaper reader appear to be easy targets for deflecting blame from Republican politicians and organizations for making mass murder by gun as American a apple pie. ", "The idea is that if they keep you tied up with praying and mourning, you won't notice that the NRA contributes to their campaigns. ", "When we accepted the killing of 20 young children we lost our moral compass. ", "Any country that allows regular guys to buy military firearms with no oversight is betraying it's citizenry. And this predilection to collect massive guns and armaments is a mental illness by definition. The NRA is the cause of this nonsense,along with it's acolytes, and it is deranged, to put it politely, or perhaps evil is a better word.", "Please tell me how any person with a gun could have stopped this gunman.  It took the SWAT team---a paramilitary organization with training and body armor.", "\"The NRA has blocked gun violence research for 20 years. Let's end its stranglehold on science.\"\n\nhttp://www.latimes.com/business/hiltzik/la-fi-hiltzik-gun-research-fundi...\n\nhere is the best place to start. imagine if car accident research, airplane crash research, arson research, earthquake building collapse research, etc., were banned? \n\nINSANE! ", "The GOP have elected so many members of Congress and a Resident who will   never address gun violence because so progressives are not politically astute or active. So? If you have the time, patience and willingness to work for a better country and world, here\u2019s a political action plan for you:\n1) Help to register voters or re-register those people who\u2019ve been wrongfully evicted from the rolls.\n2) Phone bank, door-bell, and door knock for issues of merit. (It\u2019s fun, and you meet lots of like-minded, activist people.)\n3) Run for local offices, town councils, school boards etc. Get, read, and re-read a book like \"Running and Winning Local Elections.\" Be smarter than the rest of the field.\n4) Join a group that helps train future candidates for office. Read how-to book books on getting elected and pass them around.\n5) Do anything actively progressive. Don't just pout and post on NYT boards. Doing something is better than going all \u00af\\_(\u30c4)_/\u00af and just sitting back with a big bowl of popcorn and your favorite beverage and watching it all happen again.", "I wonder how the NRA and its stooges will spin this one. Does anyone really believe that this unspeakable atrocity would not have occurred had some, or even all, the people at the concert been armed? How do people defend themselves against a madman on the 32nd floor of hotel, armed to the teeth with automatic weapons?\n\nAssault rifles should never, ever, be sold to civilians!", "Since we can't seem to get the guns banned, how about we ban the ammo? ", "The major shareholders in our 16 trillion economy are big finance, big energy, big healthcare, AARP, and of course, the hallowed NRA (which pumped $30 million into Trump's campaign).\n\nAny one of them can initiate a hostile takeover at any time, and replace every member of congress within an election cycle.  Period.  These stockholders tell our leaders what to think, feel and do (i.e., channel our money to them, channel the government's power to them), and the leaders tell us what to do (pay taxes, shut up, go home, and be grateful to them).  \n\nI fully expect the Fox, churches, AM radio to place this gun violence problem on immigrants, blacks, Hispanics, Obama, and definitely on Hillary's email.  I mean the latter is obvious.  The moral majority will paint this as retribution for gays, and women with shoes on.  Instead of producing anger, and triggering ridicule from the electorate, most will agree with the right wing narrative.  And I suspect to see a surge in gun sales, and ammo stockpiles.  \n\nWhatever we do as a voting public, I sure hope we stop lecturing other countries about how they should live.  We have a complete right to be ridiculous if we want, vote for complete buffoons, and believe Hillary and Obama are causes of the apocalypse, but we really have used up our karma when it comes to lecturing other countries. \n\nYes, our population is less traumatized, irrational, and psychotic than that of N. Korea.  But not too significantly.\n\nKalidan", "Every time I hear another mass shooting I am sickened.  Why is it that these mass shootings perpetuated by white men not equated to terrorist acts? ", "Once we decided we could stomach killing elementary school children, the gun control debate was over.", "When did we become the United States of the National Rifle Association?", "In 2008, five Supreme Court \"Justices\" (and I use that term extremely loosely) tossed the \"well regulated militia\" limitation specified in the Second Amendment into the rubbish pile, and in doing so, effectively removed the right of of the American People to regulate personal arsenals, such as the one used in the Las Vegas Massacre...  These five effectively invented, and then outweighed the \"rights\" of a minority of gun nuts over the rights of the majority to live...  And they had to toss out the framers words they found inconvenient to do it.\n\nThose responsible for this disgraceful opinion were:\n\nScalia, Roberts, Kennedy, Thomas, and Alito\n\nNot coincidentally, all five of these so-called \"justices\" were appointed by Republican Presidents.", "Mr. Israel, if we pass the world's most stringent gun laws, the criminals like this idiot in Las Vegas will still get his hands on guns and ammunition, anything he wants.  Unless you outlaw guns completely, change the bill of rights, only then can something truly be accomplished. Anything else is like putting a band aid on a cut.", "As one of your readers put it so clearly:  \"...mass shootings have become\nthe norm rather than the exception....\".  A certain part of Americans do\nnot really care about the continuous here and there slaughters.  They can justify them as unfortunate collateral damages of various sorts, I guess.  For Guns are their God, and forsooth God reigns supreme!  But what a curious manufacture of a God:  A killing machine.  'Take me', this God says, 'and kill, without restraint.  Just kill.  I will reward you.  Keep firing.  I will reward you.  Just kill, I'm sure you have your reasons.  Keep firing until the end.  The end, I'm sure, will be our reward'.  ", "The price of preserving our antiquated second amendment just shot up.\nHow much more must we pay -- in terms of lives and $ -- before commonsense prevails and we join the rest of the sane world ?\n\nEnough of the usual condolences, praises for the first responders, appreciation for America at its finest, candle light vigils.\nAll I hear when someone says those things, is \"bla, bla, bla.\"\n\nGet rid of the guns -- if you are a real patriot.\nOtherwise, you are just making it easier for criminals and terrorists to take more American lives. And how is that any patriotic ?", "Once the crime scene barricades have come down, the cleaners will be sent in.  Blood will be power-washed from the pavement, bullet holes will be plastered and painted.  As with Sandy Hook, in less than a year they'll be websites that deny it ever happened, and others that claim the shooter's real name was Mohammed.  ", "Senator Rob Portman has a long list of topics to choose from when you write him.  Not one of them is gun control.   I am more fearful of the angry nut next door with his weapon cache than the Mexican migrant worker or the bearded man praying to Allah. \"Now is not the time\".  If not now, then when?  Can we at least have it as a topic for discussion? I am tired of prayers but no action.", "When Obama was President, what happened? Gun sales went up, and of course, nothing was done tragedy, after tragedy, after tragedy. There was no way a Democratic President would ever succeed when the Republicans controlled the House and Senate, and the NRA controls them. \n\nNow we have a gun-ho NRA endorsed and blessed Second Amendment believer Republican President. The only way anything can be done is if he does it. Only Trump can do it. A lot to ask, right? Only he can do it.  ", "Well said, Rep. Israel. Agree/\n\nNice to see a Dem step up and say something other than the unending email pleas: \"Deadline. Crisis. Send money!\"\n\nGet a clue, Dems!", "There is one place the cowards in the NRA won't let people carry guns into; their very own \"lobby\".  I have envisioned gathering some old grizzled hippies and arming ourselves to the teeth to just sit in their waiting rooms.  Just to see how calm they would be when they are the ones who might be in danger.\nYou are right Congressman Israel, there is only one force in the Nation big enough to end this stranglehold the republican party has on stopping progress and common sense, not only on gun safety and regulation, but on progress and common sense on almost every major issue that faces our Nation.  That force would be We the People getting off our butts and getting the vote out, and a vote so overwhelming that neither fox, hate radio, or gerrymandering can stop it.\nWill it happen?  It had better.", "Just a request to the NY Times.  Please print the NRA scores for all our congressmen/women  and senators.  We need a high NRA score hall of shame, and we need to see it widely broadcast again and again.  Print it monthly so we can see if any of them take a stand against this perverted organization.  Hunters, yes, we need them.  Psychopaths with legal machine guns makes no sense and our leaders should know that.     ", "let's call this what it was,  the murder of 59 by a domestic terrorist ", "To the members of Congress and President Trump - Your platitudes are useless.  Blessing the dead and lowering the flags to half staff will do nothing to prevent another massacre.  Mass shootings like this are like 9/11 happening over and over  and over again, yet you do nothing! Shame on you all for your inaction!!!", "Aren't Republicans supposed to be pro-life? \n\nJust kidding, we all know they're just a bunch of hypocrites. ", "What do you expect in a country that worships guns. The 2nd amendment says a well armed militia, not idiots who shoot 569 or so people. This will never end as long as the NRA owns our politicians", "I am fed up with the NRA supporters.", "Thank you for your insight Steve. Just a heads up, the shooting was in Newtown, not Newton, Connecticut. ", "Let's see...oh yeah, Mr. P., our latest murderer, was at least a millionaire and an almost certain member of the NRA, as I suspect Mr Lanza was (remember him?  He wanted to grow up to be Anders Breivert!) with his mother, whom he murdered.   The Second Amendment is nothing to the NRA but a cloak to conceal wealth and purchase.", "If shooting Congressmen isn't enough to spur them to action, nothing is. \n\nMy advice to my children is emigrate if you can.", "So 80 to 100 people are shot dead everyday in America. Another 50 in Vegas is a drop in the bucket. Does anybody REALLY care? The evidence does not support this.\n30% vote for party of NRA shills.\n40% do not vote.\nI'll wager that at least half of the victims fall into 70%.\nI rest my case.\n\nHint: take a look at how Australia addressed this plague.", "And like you, Mr. Israel, we are weary and numb to the fact that Congress does absolutely nothing about gun control, much less anything else.  That's why we turn the page or click another link.  If Sandy Hook didn't do it, believe me, absolutely nothing will.  \n\nGuns are now so entrenched in our society, I'm not sure anything can ever be done...ever.", "Why ? are they lowering the flags ?", "The problem is your assumption that all people have the same ability to care. It isn't true. Some people do not care. The reality is that the ability for humans to have empathy and care is as varied and spectral as a rainbow. Part of that variety is biological. Did you know that some people are born with a lower neural network than others? Some people have such a small neural network, they never develop access to their frontal cortex, where values, executive function and emotional regulation are derived from. These folks can develop a cognitive understanding of care, but it they don't, the lack of feeling results in destructive thoughts, feelings and beliefs, better known as psychopathy. These psychopaths have such a low neural network, they even have fewer tastebuds, which is why social scientists have found sadists can eat bitter foods. Psychopaths are sensation seekers and have low life value. They are compelled to collect power and experience their dominion over others. They have no integrity, because they use words to gain power, not to clarify or inform. Because they have such a low neural network, they are very comfortable lying. They even get a kick out of it, out of how susceptible people are to being manipulated.", "So Congressman Israel, what would you propose we readers do? I send money every month to your (our) Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, as well as other like minded organizations. I write my elected representatives about every heinous new development. I join marches when they occur. Got any better ideas?", "Congress is bought and paid for by the NRA and gun lobby.  Until we mature as a species, nothing is going to change.   They ignored it when little children were gunned down in school, they will ignore this.", "168 dead\n680 injured\n0 guns used\nOklahoma City Federal Building 1995", "Let the discussion begin with the hyper-hypocrisy at the top, a president who boasts of being so popular that he could shoot someone dead in the street with impunity.  ", "Warped though it is, the NRA position and by proxy, that of Congress, is that this carnage is the price that we pay  to live in freedom", "Israel is wrong. Things will get a lot worse while our political leadership continue to support the merchants of death. The next gun terrorist will learn from Las Vegas just as Paddock learned from the San Bernardino and  Orlando massacres.\n\n The GOP Congress, Trump and GOP legislatures are subsidiaries of the NRA and the merchants of death. A gun store in Mesquite made great profits from selling the guns that killed and wounded Las Vegas.\n\nThe GOP believes relatives of the victims are grateful the culprit was an American, not an ISIS member.\nThe NRA is pushing legislation allow gun silencers. They don\u2019t completely silence the weapons, but Pollack could have run up the score more with silencers.  \n\nMaybe Steve Scalise will realize with a silencer, he and others would be dead had his shooter had an effective silencer.\n\nHow much worse could it be. Tim McVeigh\u2019s bomb killed 168 people in Oklahoma City. Paddock obviously had plans for a major explosion given the fertilizer in his car.\n\nSan Bernandino and Orlando and now Las Vegas demonstrate NRA sponsored terrorists are getting better, learning from their predecessors.\n\nThere is hope. \n\nConnecticut reacted to the terrorist attack in Newtown with the second strongest gun control in the United States. The result is that a low crime state to is seeing dramatic declines in gun murders.http://bit.ly/2yF5buP", "No, Steve, the problem is you and every \"leader\" like you who refuses to take a stand in our Congress by blocking at every turn every piece of legislation sponsored by those beholden to the gun lobby and who vote against smart gun control measures.  I don't have influence or control over elected officials outside of my district but you do.  Use it!  ", "Listening to CSPAN yesterday. Caller said he saw no victims in news videos. He speculates that it could be fake like Sandy Hook and 9/11.\nAnd this guy can own a gun.", "Oh I don't know. Kill enough people and eventually it will affect every Republican and then they will change their minds like the way Caleb Keeter's mind was changed.\n\nKeeter is a guitarist for Josh Abbott and a lifelong gun rights advocate. He sent a statement saying he finally gets it.\n\nIt is a shame that it seems like Republicans have to be personally touched to care about issues but the statistics are such that eventually that's going to happen.\n\nWe have now lost more people to gun violence than in all American wars combined. Think about that.\n\nYeah. I am mad. I am so mad that I will never again vote for anyone with the letter R next to their name. I have been saying that for some time. It's just a matter of time before that sentiment spreads. The GOP is a malignancy--something more and more of us are realizing.", "I'm sick of hearing about the second amendment.", "Thank you Mr. Israel for speaking out. All these victims -- If they don't number in thousands, they soon will. And they didn't kill themselves. Children, brothers and sisters, mothers and dads were all killed by gunfire. Shame on the National Rifle Association for protecting guns and ignoring innocent lives. ", "The Congress isn't doing anything about anything so why would this be different? Oh, that innocent people are being gunned own by a solitary angry white male U.S. citizen with an arsenal of WMD's, over and over again?  Sorry, can't help you there. Just don't leave your house unless it's flooding or quaking or on fire. ", "''Merchants of death\"... Perhaps it is time to shed the bright light of publicity on those many makers of guns in this country..few are found in the 'yellow pages'.", "Instead of clicking the next read, click a phone number that will lead you to your elected officials. 202 224-3121.\nImplore them to do the right thing...vote for gun laws that make us safer...no more prayers and mournful public appearances- just solid, moral legislation.", "The only thing that will end this American carnage is a repeal of the 2nd Amendment.  Along with slavery, one of America's original sins.  But if this isn't a tipping point, then nothing will be.  Sad.", "Gun sales and capitalism that gushs at stock gains quarterly no mater what the human cost are the root of this Era of our planet.\nCo2 deniers are willing to sacrifice the future of their own progeny to gain billionaire status. For this in their brief time they gain the priveledge of buying political influence and now a huge tax break and assurance that oligarchy will be our future with elimination of the inheritance tax which only applies to them.\nAfter Sandy Hook the sale of these weapons exploded and your retirement fund grew.\nDemocrats need to follow the labor party in Britain and stop trying to be Republican lite.\nSocialism is not a four letter word.\nGun sales  are the art the heart of this tragedy not the second amendment.\nBillions in reparations should be paid for selling weapons of mass destruction to ANYONE who wants one.", "Thank you for this look behind the curtain, Mr. Israel. When Barack Obama made his comment about clinging to guns and bibles he was widely attacked, including by \"very serious people\" in the media. But events have proven him right, The gun lobby won its war with him with the sort of simple-minded claim that garners support in America: the only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun. The statement is too shallow to acknowledge the deeper reality that there will inevitably cases where the bad guy can only be stopped after he has slaughtered numerous people. The sad truth is that Congress as you describe it is more likely to approve the mass selling of silencers than it is to approve even the mildest restriction on guns.", "This must stop now! As has been noted, Australia instituted strict gun controls after the massacre in Port Arthur in 1996. The politician who brought about this change was the Liberal Prime Minister, John Howard (counterpart of the Republican Party (pre-total insanity) in the US. And it worked! There hasn't been another mass-shooting in Australia since the gun laws were made stricter. As if the slaughter of the innocents in Newtown wasn't enough to enable change in America. People should take to the streets until this devastating gun epidemic is brought to an end!", "By law, the U.S. Military and Police are given the powers to defend the U.S. and its citizens.  This POWER is NOT given to the NRA.  So why does the NRA portray itself as the DEFENDER of the U.S., when IT IS NOT?  CONFLATED IDEAS!", "The issue is the American voter. No Republican can ever come out for any kind of gun control because they would be voted out of office. And there's no end in site because the right is getting more and more radical. And they keep winning elections.\nMy question is, what is the right to bear arms? What are arms? Do all American citizens have the right to own a nuclear warhead? ", "I wonder how is it that the staff of the hotel were totally unaware of the shooter bringing in all those guns. Didn't anyone see them when cleaning his room, in all the days he was there? Didn't anyone notice windows breaking, glass littering the pavement below? Didn't anyone in adjacent rooms hear the glass breaking, or hear the gunfire & call 911 or the hotel's front desk? Wouldn't seeing curtains flying out of hotel room windows be an obvious signal that something was wrong? More importantly, how was this man allowed to stockpile so many guns, including automatic weapons and machine guns, thousands of rounds of ammo & explosives, and yet a red flag didn't go up...somewhere? \n\n(Perhaps we all might need to rethink attending any public gatherings or events...or maybe start wearing body armor or bullet-proof vests before venturing outside our homes.) ", "The comment about keeping people on the no-fly list from weapons purchases assumes that the no-fly list is some kind of totally-vetted and proven list..this has nothing to do with gun control.  Who says that you are too dangerous to board a plane? Senator Kennedy was certainly surprised to learn that...", "When each victim of gun violence over the past twenty years is represented by a person dressed in red carrying a red umbrella, and when all those people march in a long red line in Washington every year as the toll continues, then Americans may begin to realize the problem of gun violence in America.  ", "Here we go again...unity, prayers for the fallen, and flags at half mast. A whole lot of nothing each and every time. This country has a deep seated sickness with guns. When will the madness end. ", "now that Scales has been victimized, maybe he will take up the cause.", "If we can't change Congress, why don't we at least change ourselves. Turn away from violence -- quit watching murder and mayhem TV shows and high body count action movies, quit reading one gruesome crime novel after another, quit playing or letting your children play violent video games. \n\nWho's to say whether life imitates art or art imitates life? In either case, when you look at the glorification of violence and the \"gorification\" of entertainment in our culture, it's clear to see that such depravity has become commonplace. Life is sick enough. Why turn to such sickness to be \"entertained\"? ", "well well -- this certainly the opportunity for our representatives to stop the terrorism in our own country by our own citizens. stop this make laws that make guns harder to procure - especially those that can mow down hundreds of people in 10 minutes. What wil  congress do - nothing -nada - zip except taking money from the NRA and big corporations. We the people demand it. Oh and by the way - vote em out if the do not fix this. ", "I wrote to 100 U.S. Senators after the Pulse slaughter and received three (3) responses.  In my letter were suggestions for common sense policies.\n\nMoms Demand Action is a good place to start for individuals who want to be part of the solution.  It will take a critical mass to force an end to this slaughter, not just 10% of the U.S. public writing unread letters.", "This is one in a long line of cynical editorials, with good reason. The NRA has accepted the image of the \"clenched fist\": http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/this-nra-recruitment-video-is-so-div... .\n\nI wonder what percentage of their members, current and past, supports the goals of their leaders, supports the ideas of the reactionary and violent society so loved by the NRA. \n\nIt is depressing and stunning how so many of our citizens just bow their head and turn away, figuring there is nothing they can do. \n\nWe are a wealthy, violent nation, so in love with our outdated mythologies that most of us cannot envision something better. There is no knowing what it might take to put a stop to some of the brutal traits of the likes of the NRAs management. ", "A large portion of America doesn't care about these victims. They give their prayers and then vote for another Republican politician who supports the NRA. Our society is self centered. If doesn't effect them then they really don't care. Their actions speak louder then their prayers.", "Nothing will change!  And you can bet the copy cats are already planning to go Las Vegas one better.  ", "Texas and Vegas are among the states where people give each other for Christmas, guns and AR-15-style assault rifles, next day they posted pictures in their facebook accounts, of them smiling next to a xmas trees, with their deadly new gifts.. United States is the only develop country with the highest rate of mass murders world wide. Whenever a proposal  of \u200b\u200brestricting the purchase of indiscriminate weapons arises, The Republicans ( both congress and the Senate) put a stop, allowing the easy acquisition of deadly weapons, invoking the infamous second amendment. One of the central campaign promises of Mr.Trump was continue the tradition to allow people the freedom to buy weapons with minimal restriction ( as still is) The lobby of arm, backed him with PASSION Do you still think Mr Trump that do so is/was a great idea?", "I have not become inoculated.  I have not become complacent.  This latest massacre will haunt me - just as so many others.  \n\nWhat I have developed is a feeling of hopelessness - of resignation.  As long as republicans are bought and paid for by the NRA, we don't stand a chance.\n\nIf the massacre of innocent children and their teachers did not change current gun laws - nothing will.  Living in this country has become a nightmare.  ", "If you think you need a gun to protect yourself in a modern, civil society, you are either right: in this case your society is broken; or you are wrong, in this case you have a dangerous anxiety disorder. In neither case guns are a solution but make worse what already is wrong. Failed state or mental illness, reducing weaponry is the very first step to make your world a better place to live in.", "The time has come for change.\n\n\"But instead of working to protect Americans from the gun violence epidemic, REPUBLICANS in Congress are planning to vote as soon as this week on two bills that would make Americans even more vulnerable to gun violence:\n\nThe SHARE Act (H.R. 3668), which would repeal restrictions on gun silencers and make it harder to detect the source of gunfire during mass shootings.3\n\nThe Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act (H.R. 38), which would undermine state efforts to protect residents from gun violence by forcing states to recognize concealed carry permits issued by any other state, no matter how lax the state\u2019s permitting standards are.\n\nWe must forcefully demand that Congress reject both of these dangerous pieces of legislation and take immediate action to ban weapons of war, including assault weapons and large capacity magazines.\n\nTell Republicans in Congress:\n\"It is time to put your constituents before the National Rifle Association. \n\nReject currently pending legislation that would gut regulations on gun silencers and armor piercing bullets, block the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act, and take immediate action to ban weapons of war, including assault weapons and large capacity magazines, which have no place in the hands of private citizens.\u201d\n\n- Credo Action", "While I agree with most of what Mr. Israel wrote, I refuse to take responsibility for this carnage. I've been standing against guns for most of my adult life. That the NRA is more powerful than me is not my fault.", "Nearly daily mass shootings are NOT, contrary to Bill O'Reilly's claim, the price of freedom. The price of freedom is sensible and enforceable \"time, place, and content\" regulations and restrictions on guaranteed freedoms so that they can be preserved. Such restraints have long been allowed on the First Amendment rights of free speech (you can't yell \"Fire\" in a crowded theatre, remember?) and free religion (burning children in the fires of Moloch, for example, is not allowed). Restraints on the purchase, ownership, and use of firearms ought to be considered no different, but thanks to \"originalist\" SCOTUS decisions, gutless legislators, and the all-powerful gun lobby (especially the NRA) Second Amendment rights are elevated above all other rights and made absolute. This must change!", "Let's stop using the term \"Mass Shooting\" and start using the term \"Freedom Event\".\n\nWe had a Freedom Event in Las Vegas. It's a reminder of the freedom we enjoy - the right to stockpile weapons for the purpose of killing as many people as possible with the least amount of effort.\n\nWe have to understand that living in America means happily dying for the right of anyone to buy as many guns as they want for any purpose. The far right wing says we may need these guns against the government one day - an army of one, over weight, out of shape patriots upholding the only part of the constitution they care about preserving... the part about the guns.\n\nAnd why not? More guns on the street means law enforcement gets to justify a military posture in America. It's win-win for the gun business and our paranoid authoritarians locked in a real-life arms race! It's money in the bank!\n\nLeave the term \"mass shooting\" to the fake media, liberals and socialists. We need to show more pride in our American culture. I hope Donald Trump dedicates his next golf trophy to the heroic patriots who scarified their lives at our latest Freedom Event. Or perhaps the NRA should get it? They are the true patriots working hard to preserve our freedom to intimidate anyone we don't like with lots of guns.", "White House spokesperson says, \"This is not the time to talk about gun control..\"\n\nBut it is the time.  While the blood is fresh and pain is raw.  While the wailing of the loved ones echoes in our ears. \n\nIt is time, America.  As I gun owner who back in the day was fingerprinted, mug shotted, and interviewed before I was allowed to own a handgun - I beg all of you - get real.  Get sane.\n\nThe right to drive a car is not the right to drive into a market or a festival. \n\nThe right to self protection is not the right to murder.\n\nWhen will we wake up?", "Politicians freeze like a deer in the NRA score headlights?  People send representatives to act to benefit society.\n\nIf politicians are afraid of the NRA, then let's zip through candidates until we find ones willing to stand up and enact common sense deterrents to mass homicide.\n\nThe NRA has made its mission to allow zero measures, our next candidates can be smart enough to think for themselves.  Protect society, not the NRA.", "Thanks Steve. Thank you for everything you do.", "Here\u2019s a simple statement.  It\u2019s mostly the fault of the Supreme Court that this gun stupidity exists.  It was when the conservative majority of the Court decided that the Second Amendment\u2014as written over two hundred years ago\u2014could not be interpreted to fit today\u2019s world.  It\u2019s hard to accept to that the Supreme Court is as politically influenced and motivated as the rest of Washington, but the Court in its wisdom decided that our founders thought a \u201cwell regulated militia\u201d should include a maniac in a skyscraper with unfettered access to multiple automatic weapons killing scores of people at will.\n\nThe weakness and cowardice of Washington is exceeded only by its voracious appetite for money.", "Americans obviously don't care much about the killings. In this way they are really exceptional. Otherwise there would be a tremendous mass movement, in the streets and in the media, exposing those elected to higher office  who support or refuse to condemn the efforts of NRA lobbyists. And indeed, the media such as the NYT could do more to help initiate this mass protest. The 'freedom' to do nothing about the gun violence is apparently as  precious as gun ownership itself.", "I tend to agree that nothing will change. If the massacre of small children didn't shock the senses, why would this?  This is the new norm unless Americans STOP voting for politicians who are bought by the NRA and other gun advocacy groups.  ", "Suggestion by the NRA that if everyone is armed it will make America safer is akin to suggesting that if every country is nuclear armed it will make the world safer. ", "I am still waiting to hear the rational explanation why any civilian needs assault weapons.  Ever.", "The most honest conversation we could have isn't about the Constitution. It's simply about how much killing power we would like private citizens to have. Otherwise we're just the United State of Gun Manufacturers.", "\u201cThird, the problem is you, the reader.\u201d Yes, of course, Mr. Israel, it is our fault. We decided to accept money from the NRA to support us in our bid to stay in the national circus in Washington. We decided that it\u2019s more important to get re-elected than to do what is needed to protect our citizens. We decided that we\u2019ll sacrifice our principles for a place on the ticket. We decided that Citizens United means Corporations United for profit over safety. We decided to pass gun laws that allow guns everywhere except in government legislatures. \n\nYou got the three reasons dead wrong, Mr. Israel. The reasons are money, money and money. Everything else is just self-justifying rhetoric. ", "If one night on the evening news we were confronted by a story and videos that showed us how one of our shoulders, or the solders in some foreign army had lined up a thousand civilians and began firing indiscriminately into the crowd killing 59 innocents and wounding over 500 others, we would be rightfully outraged. We'd call it for what it was, a war crime. A massacre. Unconscionable.\nYet the Las Vegas tragedy has shown us how easy it is here to commit such a cold-blooded act.\nIn this country today you need a license to teach school, to practice medicine, to drive a car, to cut hair, be a nurse, drive commercial vehicles, fly a plane...\nBut you can walk in off the street and buy AK-47s, AR-15s, and any manner of mass killing weapons. And as you amass over 50 weapons, carry over 20 into a public place undetected and mow down, wound and kill, innocent people. And we can do it in the name of freedom and the \"protection\" of the second amendment.\nIf somehow a distant Martian could look down upon our society and learn something about us by observing the Lass Vegas massacre, what would be learned about us?\nCan we any longer delude ourselves into thinking that it is sane for an advanced country to foster an environment where things like this happen on a regular basis.\nThis is not about gun rights, or freedom, or the second amendment. It is about colluding in and enabling insanity.", "There was only one week in the Vietnam war  - The Tet Offensive in February 1968 - where more Americans were killed per day than yesterday in Las Vegas.\n\nFrom the guestroom on the 32nd floor of Mandalay Bay, bullets traveled 900 to 1,200 feet - across the street - into the crowd. From the audio I heard on the radio, it seems that there were 6-8 shots a second.\n\nA highly skilled person could fire a musket every 20 to 30 seconds when the Second Amendment was enacted.\n\nWith those in mind, consider the following, which are among the favorite talking points of gun rights activists:\n\n\"Guns don't kill people, people kill people\".  The same logic would hold that a nuclear bomb didn't kill 150,000 people in Hiroshima, it was the guy who dropped it.\n\n\"The only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun\".  First, please explain how anyone carrying a gun at that concert could have killed the shooter. Second, he killed himself.\n\n\"When guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns\" First, this is a straw man - the US is not going to take away single shot hunting rifles. Second, The \"guns\" that are outrageous weapons of war were taken away in another gun-loving frontier-mentality country - Australia - and that went very well indeed.\n\nTragically, however, most nationally elected Rs and some Ds don't care about logic, or even what their constituents want (77% of registered R's want more gun control). \n\nThey are just fearful, cowardly tools of the NRA.", "America is corroding from the inside, accomplishing the slow-motion destruction our enemies \u2014 terrorists and foreign powers \u2014 have been seeking for decades. Our polarized populace is now too quick to react, casting aside moral, ethical and legal standards in pursuit of any self-serving warped agenda. Things are indeed changing \u2014 for the worse.", "Guns have made Las Vegas to dangerous to visit. Is it time for the casino and hotel owners to exert some pressure on congress?", "No one except for the military and law enforcement should be allowed to carry guns as is the case in all countries with a (much) lower murder rate.", "The Koch Brothers, Mercer family, a handful of Libertarian Hedge Fund Billionaires, cash-driven evangelical con men and the NRA own this Congress.  The Supreme Court's unfortunate Citizens United decision allows unlimited dark money to dominate our elections guaranteein that the vast majority of U.S. voters do not control the making and enforcement of the laws that govern them.  Until that decision is reversed and that money is removed from our politics, no progress can be made in stopping this gun madness and the terror it creates in the United States. ", "For those of a certain age the \"fear\" was death from a Nuclear War. Now, the well founded fear and likelihood is that you are always at risk from random gun violence.\n\nSandy Hook, Columbine, Congressional baseball games.... far far too many others.\n\nAs usual, nothing will be done.\n\nThe calculation from our \"leaders\" must be my pocketbook is far more important than the safety of the citizenry.", "Is there ANYONE reading this who believes that a civilian has ANY reason to own a machine gun?  Congress has not acted because they work for lobbyists and contributors, not for the public good.  This explains our bloated healthcare system, the recent grotesque tax proposal, inaction on infrastructure, allowing the fossil fuel industry to run amok, and on and on.  Hunting?  Hunting?  What does owning a machine gun have to do with hunting.", "What kind of gerrymandering allows a proposition shared by over 80 percent of Americans -- to prevent people on the terrorist watch list from purchasing firearms -- to fail a vote in the House of *Representatives*? God Almighty, who do these people *represent*?", "The government has the authority to regulate guns and to restrict the sale and possession of certain types of weapons and accessories. A simple litmus test would help define whether a gun or accessory should be on sale to the public; does it serve a legitimate civilian purpose? One aspect of the debate is getting especially tiring, the very selfish attitude of some of the more vociferous advocates who believe the current interpretation of 2d amendment means anything goes when it comes to guns. The 2d amendment does not now nor has it ever implied that type of position. It is time for the lawmakers in this country to stop being intimidated by the Gun Lobby and stand up for the rights of the majority of our citizens.", "I have given up all hope of anything changing in America. Mass shootings are the new normal. We can express our sympathy and condolences to the family\u2019s but until Congress get stronger the NRA will always win. Is this really the greatest country on earth?", "A year ago I met an American student in Bruges (Belgium). She was intelligent and sensible. Her father had advised her to study in Europe, because he considered that the gun violence in the big American cities was becoming too dangerous for his daughter. Making America great again, Donald? ", "The NYT's new op-ed writer, Michelle Goldberg, debuted with a great column on the Tyranny of the Minority who were granted control by the Electoral College. \n\nThere is also the tyranny of minorities of citizens holding ridiculous inflated power in Congress where Wyoming and California have equal representation in the Senate, and where gerrymandering sometimes accomplishes the same thing in the House. \n\nThis tyranny is real, but is dwarfed by the tyranny of the NRA. Multiple polls and studies show that something in the ballpark of 90% of Democrats and 75% of Republicans favor common sense restrictions on gun ownership: background checks for ALL gun purchases and closing loopholes for gun shows and private sales, ownership rights revoked or suspended for those on the no-fly list or in the throes of mental illness or charged with domestic violence, banning the sale of kits that can convert rifles into automatic weapons, banning even the \"grandfathered-in\" machine guns and the type of rifles only meant to kill huge numbers of people in sweeping strafes and clearly incompatible with self-defense needs. \n\nHow can the NRA thwart the super-majority of American citizens who vehemently disagree with their fanatical interpretation of the second amendment? I have read reports that even significant numbers of NRA members disagree with these views. Tyranny of the Minority that brings us massacre after massacre - and we spend so much time arguing about wedding cakes.", "Fear is an important component of controlling under-educated people. Everyone is different, so one needs many things to be fearful of if one is to control the bulk of the people and get a certain cruel party elected. On the other hand, many of these people we may assume are victims of this manipulation method are in fact getting what they want. We see suffering, they feel the suffering will get them a good spot in heaven. Sure, it is insane, but it is their right. Willful ignorance is common and many accept that is true. More should see that masochism is common and connected to these peoples hope for heaven.", "New Zealand anyone? Thinking a move is finally in order. The American experiment has failed in too many ways.", "The NRA has brilliantly wrapped itself in the flag as a protector of the Second Amendment. But its primary job is to represent the gun manufacturers and their primary interest, which is to sell guns. End of story.", "Once again the news was showing every possible angle of this disaster, interviewing political fast-talkers from Nevada, showing pictures of people running all over the place except when they had to do the advertising to make an extra buck.  As the saying goes: The Show Must Go On.", "If someone is determined to commit carnage either with a gun, automobile, fire, acid or anything that can kill or maim, how do you stop them?\nWe already have laws against killing, but when somebody snaps that law means nothing.\nI don't have the answers but hopefully there will be some form of discussion in Washington, DC.", "and where does the NRA get its money?  It does not have a printing press in the basement, the NRA is well funded by hundreds of thousands if not millions of supporters.  Those are the \"hearts and minds\" that have to be changed, and I fear that will never happen.", "Nothing will change. The NRA rules. Only if some terrorist does a mass shooting in Congress, or an NRA convention will they take notice. Look next for a shooter in small plane circling a stadium with 60,000 people. For you see, the havoc not only continues, it is accelerating and becomes more devastating as the imagination flourishes. No one is safe...except those who stay home.", "Your article makes me feel this time something will change. Thank you", "I have written letters about gun control and I finally gave up. I will start again. The madness must end.", "Mr. Israel, \n\nI am a Navy veteran ('65-'69), child of the 60's, and  retired federal prosecuting attorney. I will not forget the gun violence as you suggest. On the contrary, I have not forgotten the deaths of Medgar Evers, JFK, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., RFK, John Lennon, et al and the tens of thousands of our fellow citizens who have died as a result of the cowardice of the Republican Party and its slavish devotion to the NRA.  \n\nIn this regard, I am convinced that there are tens of millions like me who will never give up on the issue of gun violence nor will we rest until the Republicans are driven out of office. For they deserve nothing but our condemnation and contempt.     ", "\"That\u2019s what the gun lobbyists are counting on. They want you to forget. To accept the deaths of at least 58 children, parents, brothers, sisters, friends as the new normal. To turn this page with one hand, and use the other hand to vote for members of Congress who will rise in another moment of silence this week. And next week. And the foreseeable future.\"\n\nAll, while taking advantage of this \"opportunity\" to shove their unpopular multi-trillion dollar tax break for billionaires through while this convenient \"distraction\" remains hot...", "Is a government that cannot prevent these atrocities from happening to it's people a viable government?", "We, the American public, simply need to accept that, with a relative degree of probability, that we, or are loved ones, will become fodder of a mass shooting.  I refuse to use the term victims because these are events that we, as the American public, could do something about but refuse to do so.  Until legislators, at the local, state, and federal levels begin to believe that an NRA vote could cost them their jobs we will only see more, bigger, and  deadlier armaments being sold at the corner gun shop, Dick's, and Cabelas.  ", "I think it's time we take the sensible approach: Permanently lower all flags to half-staff. That, apparently, is all congress is capable of doing. Oh, and tweeting out meaningless \"thoughts and prayers.\" ", "November 9 changed forever how I see my fellow citizens. It was that day I lost all faith in them to have each other's backs. By electing that monster president, it became crystal clear it was more important to folks to be able to keep an armory in their houses than to protect the safety of innocent fellow citizens.  That it was now \"every man for himself\". I knew then and there they could never be trusted again.", "Thank you, Mr. Israel. A very nice column. Just right for liberal ears. It's so nice to hear someone in Congress wax woe about our Congress's inability to act rationally. Oh wait, Congress isn't acting irrationally, it's just doing the work of it's employers - the monied special interests.\n\nI don't know your voting record or position on money in politics but I'd be surprised if you wanted to restrict the flow of money into your hands from special interests.", "We were taught the First Amendment doesn't protect yelling \"fire\" in a crowded theatre, so where is the comparable limit to the Second Amendment? Are there people with intellect who really don't get this?", "Good argument for term limits and public funding (limited) of campaigns.  If elected officials didn't treat their offices as sinecures and politics as a career, they wouldn't be beholden to any entity.  Of course, we'd require laws restricting working as consultants and lobbyists after the term limit is reached.  ", "It should be among the litmus test for all democrats running for office:\n\n1.  Support for nationalized healthcare with the trillions in tax increases that would entail.\n2.  Repeal of the 2nd amendment.\n3.  Abortions with no restrictions at any point in the pregnancy, fully paid for by taxpayers (see item 1.)", "It really is sad that when these tragedies happen...bigger, more often, more horrific...the NRA-subsidiary we technically call Congress actually puts up their shutters and becomes defensive because they know they will be besieged with pleas for sanity. But the NRA-subsidiary commonly called Congress, will not hear of it. Sanity would make people safe. If people feel safe, they don't need to buy more guns, bigger guns, and that means the master of the U.S. Congress, the NRA, will not be happy. ", "I agree that the general public is part of the blame. But the larger blame rests on Congress and our politicians. You need to prevent lobbyists from donating to elections: the NRA has effectively bought everyone in DC, no wonder no gun laws are getting passed. No one cares about your thoughts and prayers anymore, your inaction speaks louder than any words that may be spoken. How the US elects its representatives and senators needs to change--we are not being represented by anyone, the only people politicians represent at this point are the people who pay for their elections, predominantly large corporations like the NRA. If you, Mr. Israel, want to do something about gun violence in this country, then start at the bottom and do not allow corporations to give unlimited contributions to select politicians. Until you fix how we elect people in this country, nothing will change regarding gun laws.", "Why this persistent \"one of the most deadly\" mass shootings in US history? Surely it is THE most deadly. What am I missing?", "From a foreigner based here in the USA, I can't help but thinking we are seeing the fall of Rome, with a 21st century flavour.\nThe once great democracy of the USA is being pulled apart, by hatred, self interest and humans acting without humanity. ", "Well said.  Really well said.  I share the writer\u2019s pessimism.   Tonight a 30 year friend of my wife posted her belief that a liberal leftist conspiracy planted the guns found in the Las Vegas shooter\u2019s house.  The gun lobby\u2018s counterattack has already begun.  Unbelievable. ", "Before we can think about taking meaningful action on gun control, we need to look at ourselves honestly and understand who we are. We are a country founded on conquest of indigenous people, insurrection against the British government, and enslavement of African people.  We deem ourselves a special country set apart from the rest, primarily because of our capacity to kill. Our God says, Thou Shalt Kill and Kill Often in My Name. \n\nThere are countries like Australia (who have just as much open space and wildlife as we do), who are capable of understanding that in a mimimally civilized society, basic protection of your children in school takes precedence over the individual man-child's right to play with guns. Clearly, we are not as advanced as Australia.  In America, we drive our children 50 feet down the driveway to wait for the school bus, but we understand completely that, \"well regulated\" militia notwithstanding, nothing ever should in any way interfere with anyone's right to bring guns into a school, or a hotel room. \n\nThe bright side is that, despite all the Liberal statistics, most Americans still do not die from gunshots. So hold your breath every time you go out in public and hope that today is not your day. And tell yourself how lucky you are to live in the greatest country in the world. ", "Repeal the second amendment. They've had their chances for reform. Now it IS time to come for their guns. ", "It is depressing to see our Gun Dealer in Chief stand before the microphones and TV cameras and say how sorry he is about the incident in Las Vagas. Empty words. Hypocritical words from the man profiting so handsomely  from the gun trade. All he has to do is stand by and do nothing, and he grows richer by the minute. The NRA and its vast membership help, not a little, to elect him president, and his hotel in Washington is mysteriously booming. His resorts are more popular than ever as people seeking influence flock there to be seen. As president, he sits in the White House and operates his far flung real estate business. His elected political cronies are fearful of asking him to behave as previous presidents have done. Fearful of his volcanic wrath and of the wrath of the NRA (the cronies, too, are reaping the rewards of fostering the gun trade). As president he can propose tax cuts from which he will gain a cool billion or so over the next few years. So it's worth it to stand in front of the TV cameras and say how sorry he is that so many must die or lay wounded, while he stands by, profiting. \"Pure Evil,\" indeed. ", "Nothing happened after a score of children were killed at Sandy Hook. That was the end of any debate on even simple gun control legislation. Nothing will happen and the blood will continue to flow. ", "Why not begin with instating a death penalty for crimes committed with firearms?  Oh, wait.  We are against the death penalty because it doesn't deter crimes.\nErgo, we should instate a gun ban, because, well because, to deter crime.\nOh, but wait...", "I suppose Steve Israel is right - we will read this essay and move on. \n\nBut for all my words, there is someone else typing away about how someone like me will take their freedom. Because that is what has happened every single time.\n\nI have written that we can't change things because half the nation figures that the death of people in mass shooting is a reasonable price to pay for unfettered gun sales. I was being ironic and critical and scathing; Bill O'Reilly has just said the same thing in his blog and he was being matter-of-fact. \n\nHuman sacrifice? Check. Freedom to shoot whatever, wherever, however? Check.\n\nSo Steve Israel is right. I will move on. Because give me a single reason to believe that sanity will prevail. I also used to day that nothing would happen until Congress was threatened. But Gabby Gifford and Steve Scalise have proved that wrong as well.\n\nProud to be an American, where at least I know I'm free.", "If we can't ban automatic and semi-automatic weapons, then what about tanks, bazookas, and bombs of every type?  If it's a violation of personal freedom to prohibit weapons with the capacity to kill lots of people in a short time, then why can't I own my own warhead?", "I am very disturbed by the number of people on this site that seem to be more angry about the mention of gun control rather than being angry and sad about the senseless deaths from a deranged man with automatic weapons.", "This is freedom? I don't feel free when I see a young man open carrying in a public setting. I don't feel free when I have to be patted down and searched in more and more places. I don't feel free when the border patrol stopped me at a checkpoint miles from the US Canadian border. I hunt, I am limited to 3 shells when bird hunting. I guess we don't have a limit when killing humans. We may as well legalize all weaponry.", "The gun industry controls our elected officials.\nOur government has sold their souls to them.\n They pay better than we do.  No matter\nhow much we beg and complain for tighter\ngun control laws Congress will ignore us.\nThey like all that money too much. Gives you a\npause doesn't it?   So many innocent\npeople die because our elected officials\ncannot resist the bribes.", "Juvenile fantasy and legal sophistry have combined to create one of history's more successful marketing campaigns reinforced by lots of money.", "Leave the bodies in place on the field. Then send every member of the Senate, every member of the House of Representatives, and the President of the United States himself, and let them sit there for a day, amid the bodies and the blood and the gore, and let them see what they have done. Let them ask themselves, \"Is this the kind of country we want, where people cannot go to school, or a nightclub, or a movie, or a concert, without the risk of being slaughtered?\" Send them every time. Make them suffer, in some small measure, the consequences of their inaction.", "Until individual members of the NRA executive staff feel the pain of these horrific events nothing will change.  They just see it as increased gun sales.  It's sad that market share is more important than lives.", "The government is supposed to protect us from attack. When it won't, the entire social contract breaks down. Buckle up kids, this is going to get worse before it gets better. ", "Gun maker stocks soared after this massacre as they do after all massacres. Massacres make a lot of money and are a vivid display of the power one can wield with a gun. The victims are avatars, a blurry them on tv who we really don't connect with. The deaths are no different than what you'd see in a Tom Cruise movie. Gun violence is PR to the gun lobby. They love this. And Republicans who allow themselves to be bought or bullied by the NRA are complicit. But what else is new?", "The Second Amendment doesn't say a thing about ammunition.  Anytime someone buys a hundred bullets at once a message should sent to the local police department.  But the way things are now;  the NRA wants to make it the law of the land that if you use a gun and kill somebody you're automatically innocent of any crime;  merely exercising your Constitutional rights.  The NRA wants  \"I felt threatened.\";  to be iron clad justification for taking a life;  regardless of the circumstances;  just as long as a gun is used.  ", "One thing has changed:  the ante is up.  The next shooter is aware that he needs a body count of more than 60 to be unique, to be at the top, to impress us all with his might and cunning, to make a statement.", "Am I the only person who sees this slavish devotion to the \"rights\" of the 2nd Amendment results in the trampling of every other right in our Constitution?  Free speech or happiness or life is always trumped by a person with a gun and a desire to use that gun.", "1. The 2nd amendment was written when all we had to shoot was single shot MUSKETS.\n2.  There is little reason to seek motive in these murders as they are all absolutely SENSELESS.\n3.  Our legislators do not have the courage to even try to work on this outrageous situation even after the blatant murder of twenty innocent, trusting first graders 2 weeks before Christmas! That was 5 yrs ago.\n4.  I am disgusted by the the lack of resolve and action this requires.", "There is very little moral courage in this GOP majority Congress.  In fact, there is very little courage of any kind within the ranks of our elected leadership.  And that is why a small minority in the form of the NRA, which gets its support from the gun lobby, will prevail yet again and there will be no change. If the deaths of little children at Sandy Hook brought no change, why would this?\n KA", "I think it's time this President, finally address the elephant in the room, guns. Donald Trump was always quick to tweet out at President Obama regardless of what the tragedy was or how many were killed blaming terrorism and never showing any real concern for facts.\n\nDuring the campaign, Donald Trump, made himself the NRA's man in office, Wayne LaPierre acted like Donald Trump was in the NRA's hip pocket; now there is no escaping any of this that there is only one common denominator in all of these massacres....GUNS!\n\nIt's time for Donald Trump to show some courage, and show he's not a rubber stamp for the NRA and eliminate any of these types of military style weapons, semi-automatic that can to be converted to automatic killing machines, large ammunition clips, or any type of weapons that would be used by military or law enforcement, to be sold to the public. \n\nPresident Trump should also increase the waiting period for guns, background checks, not allow weapons to be bought on the spot and taken home at gun shows (the transaction should only be finalized after a background check), no internet sales, and mandatory gun ownership licensing for gun owners in the same way drivers are licensed. \n\nWhen is enough, enough, stop letting the NRA and Wayne LaPierre manipulate the Congress and President; Congress stands mute.\n\nThere was a time years ago, that the NRA would have been the first one to ask for new laws and work to solve this national disgrace and problem, but not anymore.", "Amendments, by definition, are subject to change. ", "In 1982, seven people died of cyanide poisoning after a never-apprehended individual tampered with bottles of Tylenol in the Chicago metropolitan area. This incident led to reforms in the packaging of over-the-counter substances and to federal anti-tampering laws. Today, nearly every edible consumer food is protected with plastic film or shrink-wrap covering. \n\nMeanwhile, the NY Times reports today that 585 Americans have been killed in mass shootings since the Orlando nightclub massacre last June. Response at the federal level has been limited to thoughts and prayers. \n\nEveryone knows no real action will be taken. We spin the wheel and go outside, not knowing which lawful gun owner of today is destined become tomorrow's mass assassin. ", "I agree with the title of this opinion piece.  Nothing would change! The press secretary statement about Chicago is just wrong! Chicago gun violence is too often cited as how useless strict gun control laws are.  The reality is that people in Chicago can just cross the state line to Indiana, and purchase guns along with grocery in Walmarts.  If better gun control laws are going to be effective, they should be federal laws.  Yet nothing would change after the mass shooting in Las Vegas like many mass killing s moves out of news cycle, unless the American people really determine that NRA and gun lobbies will no longer have the power over our representatives.", "Mr. Israel,  everything you say is an absolute truth here, but you're right, nothing will change.  Congressional leaders are scored by the NRA and are terrified by their awesome power.  So why not support a non-governmental agency to score those that do vote for gun control?  Keep records of their verbal responses and the absence of reason connected to their logic.  Use the data at every single election to demonstrate their lack of empathy in every red state.  Go after the National Firearms Act that allows weapon conversion to full automatic.  Shower the networks with ads and plaster the voting results of all congressmen on billboards.  Even when elections are not approaching.  Use the same tactics the NRA uses.  As a gun owner I know we have no need for an automatic military style firearm available to just anyone.  Use grassroots funding.  Shame these congressional leaders into action.  Yes, it costs a fortune, but it can be done.  Hire an army of lobbyists and lawyers to pressure congress and never let the pressure subside.  I carry a 9mm and it's no match for an AR that's converted to full auto.  Point out that police are now simply targets for killings by the mentally ill.  I know we're outspent and outnumbered in government, but America still loves an underdog.  Get the message out an don't give up.  You have support, even from many NRA members that support background checks and other safety measures.  You have more support than you know.  Don't give up.", "Unfortunately all true, nothing will change.", "Of course nothing will happen.  Compare the 1st and 2nd amendments.\n\nAs a person who embraces the 1st amendment I am honest with myself that social ills like Pornography, The Westborogh Baptist Church, Nazis, Alex Jones, and even bent knees during the anthem are the price we pay forthe right of free speech.\n\nBut people who embrace the 2nd amendment cannot be honest with themselves and say that mass shootings, and a sky high murder rate, are the price we pay to for our right to bear arms.\n\nInstead 2nd amendment people talk about protection from Tyranny, which the more I talk to them, Tyranny seems to get defined as the consequences of free speech.  ", "This state of being, where any of us could be shot at any time in public by a madman, is America's blood tax. Our citizens must randomly pay with their lives so we can exist. One day, it may be you or someone you love shot, traumatized, injured, or killed, but that is the price of freedom and the way you show just how much you love America.", "Thanks for your courage and honesty Mr. Israel to point the so obvious truth: that nothing will change because the gun culture is too ingrained into US and the economic and political interests surrounding the gun culture are simply too vast and powerful.\n\nIt pains me to see a decent man as you to admit defeat, but at least you are being candid enough to let your fellow citizens know how things reallt are: it is too late to disarm all the lonnies and wackos who worship guns, too late to dismantle the corporate interests supporting the gun culture, too late to reign on irresponsible politicians pampering to the gun worshippers. \n\nIt is too late now. The NRA has already won the war on US and Las Vegas\u00c2\u00b4 victims are just collateral damage of such victory.\n\nAgain, thanks for not fooling us Mr. Israel, we both wish things were different but they are not.", "Did the President not just go to the United Nations and threaten to destroy an entire country?", "Look in the mirror. You and your colleagues-you are to blame. Do what's right. Not what keeps you in office. You will feel better for the rest of your charmed life. These children and citizens are dead and wounded. Do what is right.", "Listen, people. The problem is that our representative government has lost its representativeness. While the Senate can almost be excused for this, the House cannot. The Founders of our country envisioned the House as \"dependent\" on the people, to be a perfect reflection of the people. The House is not that any more. They are dependent on the funders who are not a demographic -- and especially not an economic -- perfect reflection or perfect proportional copy of the electorate.\n\nIn poll after poll, about 80% of the electorate wants something done about the gun thing. Instead, we get endless thoughts and prayers from our so-called representatives.\n\nMostly, we just need to draw the line between what civilians can own vs. what the military and SWAT teams have. That's it. It's not complicated.\n\nBut because it is Congress (both House and Senate) who need to reform themselves to actually represent the electorate, but who have become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the funders of their elections, that reform won't happen. From the article, one can see that the Congress members are more interested in winning the next election than in doing what is right by their actual constituents - the voters, not the funders. \n\nOne now has to wonder, if things don't change in the \"representativeness\" of the House of Representatives, whether the people will just change the channel or will they eventually rise up? When they do, I fear, there will be even more bloodshed. ", "Interesting, but confirms all my worst suspicions.  Nevertheless, I hold out hope for a new generation to reject one of the worst eras in American politics and get on with it--if this awful generation of cynical and self-serving politicians leaves us anything to get on with.\n\nSteve, do you think changing the campaign financing laws, getting rid of Citizens United, and moving to publicly funded elections would change the dynamics in Congress?  Would this help our \"representatives\" to curtail caving into big money and powerful interests like the NRA, fossil fuel industry, and care more about regular people , the planet, planning, and the future of of the country?\n\nI wish Steve would do more of these op-ed pieces, giving us his insider's view of what is going on with our un-representatives in Congress.  And maybe some suggestions or ideas about how to break this highly partisan logjam and gridlocked legislature to get back to exercising politics as the art of compromise and pragmatism.  (Not the Republicans' current definition of \"compromise,\" which is my way or the highway.)", "Let us face facts.\n\nThe United States is a country that does not mind mass shootings. They happen almost every day.\n\nSee: \"I Surrender\" at Tikkun Daily Blog.", "NRA members are like babies with blankets clinging to what makes them comfortable. Our bought and paid for GOP will see to it that these children will get to keep their shiny automatic guns because it's what makes them happy. Meanwhile 59 more dead due to gun violence with no end in sight.\n\nVoters you all need to get out and vote in EVERY election and vote every one of those republicans out of office. If children at  Sandy Hook didn't get them do something nothing will. Take action.", "Welcome to America. This is our dystopian Republic.", "As much as I agree with many of the thoughts that the author places forward here, I disagree with him about the \"third\" problem, namely, we the readers being part of the problem. This is a moment where the feeling of helplessness is so great that there is no other option than to sigh and turn the page. Of course, like each incident, there are a flood of reactions from sane people who can only shake their heads and say, \"How many more times will we need to witness mass shootings of innocent people before we make up our mind to do something about it?\" This is the right reaction, of course; such an act of violence arouses our emotions to \"want the right thing\" to happen.  But the hopelessness of knowing that there are lobbyists, members of congress being controlled by one of the most twisted gun organisations in this country forces us to give up the fight more quickly than we should - which is exactly what organisations like the NRA want. But what else are we supposed to do? Voting doesn't seem to work anymore \u00e2\u20ac\u201c what's done is past and turning back time is nearly impossible. \n\nFortunately, the argument \"we need good people with guns to be ready\" simply doesn't wash. How the NRA is going to explain this one is beyond anyone's guess, but I suspect that they will figure out some new scare tactic to achieve their goal. And as long as we have members of congress who, as the author explains, fear losing their warm seat in Washington, we're not going to get anywhere. ", "So sad. So true. ", "I agree. Nothing will be done. It is time for sensible Americans to realize we have lost our freedoms, not to foreign terrorists but to old retired white guys and other assorted madmen.. Basically we've lost them to Money in Politics. So my solution is not to attend anything that involves a crowd of any size although I made an exception for the Women's March in January. Mostly, both  here and abroad, mass killers look for large groups in one place. I also want to recall that guns aren't th entire problem. There are bombs (Oklahoma City and The Boston,Marathon) and trucks driven into crowds in order to kill people too. Still semi automatic weapons, in Lad Vegas converted to machine guns easily and cheaply, do the most effective job. And  they aren't going to go away for the reasons this excellent columnist stated. And because there are too many of then now. We can try for state laws, and we have some good ones that survive Republican attacks here in Colorado where mass murders have also happened. But Congress?The President? Forget about it Save yourself if you can.", "Well, I guess that if they don't enact gun control when one of their own got shot, why should we expect them to do anything for others?", "Actually, I'll be using a mouse to turn the page, and Bill Shuster?, I don't bother to vote for Congressman, it's a forgone conclusion.", "How is it possible for so many guns and so much ammunition  to be lugged into a hotel without someone not noticing it?  What were the hotel staff doing?", "Yes, we have forgotten.  We've forgotten that the NRA is the most powerful lobby in Washington because we spend too much believing it's AIPAC.  To all of our detriment.", "I have to say that is a big shame for a country like our not to have a civil debate about gun and to decide to have limitations on use of fire arms.\nNobody has the courage to face reality and to solve the problem in a civil manner. I have said many times and I will still saying 'the story is not ended yet\"\nLook for the next\n\nfranchino", "According to an article in the Journal of Trauma by Richardson & Hemenway (2011), the US has a general homicide rate 6.9 times higher than other high income countries. The main contributor to the difference is a gun-related homicide rate that is 19.5 times higher than other rich countries. The seeming normalisation of gun ownership and gun-related deaths in the US are culture-bound lacunae that set it as an outlier. \n\nI can't fathom how the death of 20 children and 7 adults at Sandy Hook prompted such little action, whilst an unsuccessful shoe bomb incident on a plane resulted in millions undergoing additional screening at airports.\n\nAs an health professional in Sydney, the only people I know who own guns have them for their rural properties, to shoot kangaroos. Someone in the city talking about owning a gun would be so bizarre as to stop conversation. For middle class people in Australia, disclosing gun ownership would be seen as weird, creepy and antisocial. \n\nI accept that Americans may consider Australian gun laws a form of state oppression (along with Medicare for all). But most Australians are coping with our 7828th day of oppression since the last gun massacre in our country. ", "Yes, it's time to talk about guns and gun control -- again.  I'd begin with an unoriginal but simple declaration:  Every gun should be registered to a specific owner over, say, the next three years.  After that time, any gun left unregistered would be considered illegal (subject to fine?) and, when discovered, confiscated.  The ongoing process would be similar to that with respect to motor vehicles.\n\nIt can't get simpler than that.", "March\nCould be another million mom march or  everyone opposed to gun  violence.\n Have one site. be in Washington DC, another in New York City, another in LA, another in San Francisco, as similar to the anti-Trump rallies  day after the inauguration .\n At the time of the rally icirculate  a petition for  to sign online and send to family members and friends not at the event. Then send the entire petition to congress .\nAnd hold another  rally to be held outside the halls of Congress at the time Congress is in session.\nDuring the rally read the names of people killed by gun violence in all the mass shooting tragedies and the streets of Chicago.\n During the rally also read aloud the names of the people who run the NRA. Read aloud the names of the members of Congress to receive contributions from the NRA and what those contributions have been. Read aloud the previous votes in Congress to  Control or not control guns and who has voted which way on the issues.\nHave entertainment at the rally consisting of musicians in favor of gun control and sadly there  will now be some country-western singers who will be available  as well as singers of all genres .\n Bring together all the different gun control groups and unite\nThem.\nEmbark on a face book campaign including buying ads that support gun control.\n Need a massive organization with several million people involved. It can be done", "Why don't we require gun owners to be licensed and guns to be registered.  Just like cars.  We keep track of all of them.  We ban assault rifles from most and require a special license for them.  If convicted of a crime or admitted to psychiatric hospital then we revoke the license and impound the guns.  If some one is compiling too many guns we investigate.  We have systems in place to pull unsafe drivers and unsafe vehicles off the road.  Why can't we do the same for guns?  Then your average hunter can still shoot a deer for family meat but we can also get a much tighter grip on the millions of guns out there.  Pull in current technology to track bullets etc. and we might get a better grip on this violent chaos.", "US leaders inability to lead their own country into  safety is both disappointing and demoralising.  The US is the only major nation that has not endured  modern war on domestic soil .  Why do US citizens need to bear arms  when other countries prosper without  private ownership of automatic weapons? Your threats are distant and  your international military strength and leadership have protected you from any  real need for domestic citizens  to \"bear arms\" .  Far weaker and vulnerable countries  support restrictions on gun ownership; they prosper and thrive. Your  right to bear arms seems to be driven by  domestic fears; not international fears.  Is this the intention the forefathers scripted in the  \"right to bear arms \" ?  I think not....", "Someone could likely walk into a convention of pregnant mothers and start shooting, and the response would be prayers, a moment of silence, lowering the flag to half staff, our \"national conversation,\" news coverage with foreboding music, and on and on.  But limit guns?  No way.  After all, it wouldn't be the fault of guns, the gun manufacturers, the NRA and all of the gun lobbyists/enablers, would it?  So Mr. Israel, you are so right.\nYet if a million people marched to Washington DC to demand change and ended up on the steps of the United States Supreme Court, there might be a slim chance of undermining the gun lobby.  That, I believe, would be worth the effort.", "Some political actions are different than others. We should ban the NRA leaders and lobbyists and the people they control in congress. We should take action on social media so that if they enter a restaurant or a hotel or go to a concert, we all leave. We should protest outside their houses and offices. They take so many innocent lives. There is no shame in shaming them. ", "This is just right. Brave, true, and right.", "I just saw part of an interview with representative Steve Scalise where he was asked by Norah O'Donnell if he would now advocate against weapons given his experience. He said his position would not change. It's incredible in the most horrific way, the power the NRA has over the GOP.   But as Mark Kelly, husband of Gabby Gifford said, we do not have to accept this as normal. We need to fight relentlessly until we rid automatic assault weapons for purchase.", "I hope you're mistaken, as you surely would like to be, as regards future gun violence in this country. In his remarks, POTUS defined the mass murder and wounding in Las Vegas, \"evil.\" The much greater evil, however, would seem to be in all of us in our allowing, as mere bystanders, occurrences like this to go on and on. This comes to our, \"we the people,\" being a non-participatory democracy ... unless, of course, this is the way we want it, blaming Congress, NRA, etc, so as to not look bad for the sake of some sense of righteousness. Our priorities become the question.", "Of course nothing will change.  If there was no change after school children were murdered what makes anyone think the murder of 50 adults will produce any action?", "Actually Mr. Israel, I never forget. The watershed moment for me was Sandy Hook. If the mass shooting of our most innocent population, little kids in their own school for God's sake, wasn't going to result in change, then I knew that we were never going to do anything. The NRA has won. ", "Serious question -- when was the last time you were proud, really proud, of Congress?  ", "These are the cowards running our country. And they've made sure they'll continue to get elected by enacting the worst education system in the world, below even third-world countries. The greatest idea in the history of the world, America, has turned into the murder capital of the universe. Or the expression on Paul Ryan's face. \n\nWhat have you done to my country, Republicans? Are you pleased with yourself?", "Be it gun control or healthcare, Republican legislation kills people.", "Imagine the outrage if this incident was an act of Islamic terrorism and the gunman was a Muslim?  Why is that something that should be fought for by all means but not a massacre by a deranged white male who had easy access to guns that only belong on the battlefield.  The number of people killed every year by firearms in the US is more than 10,000!  All these thoughts and prayers don't mean anything when these tragedies occur on a regular basis and nothing gets done to stop them. ", "I'm with the Right on this issue. The Left can moralize on guns until they're blue in the face, just as the Right does on abortions. You can't outlaw immorality or evil. People have their rights. Should we outlaw white vans too? Seems like a popular murder tool recently...", "This is another example of the tyranny of the minority. The majority of Americans support gun control. If we can cobble together a way to get money out of politics, we can achieve reasonable gun control. The culture war is really a propaganda war; and, the radical conservatives have been winning, thanks in part to disproportionate amplification of their irrational viewpoints achieved through control of various media outlets, like Fox news and the Sinclair group.\nFirst take back the senate and congress. Target the estate tax, which should be vastly increased for the super rich, to avoid surrendering further control of our country to 1,000 families of the shareholding aristocracy. End the charitable deductions that allow evil oligarchs like the Kochs to channel their dark money to their twisted political causes. Pressure the democrats to play tit for tat, and deny confirmation hearings to any supreme court nominee from a sitting republican president. Overturn 'citizens united,' or pass legislation to take money out of politics.\nWe need to bring our nation back to the sanity of majority rule. ", "The Scalise shooting was a step forward. Republicans take a pro gun stance because they generally enjoy total impunity from the consequences. Once that impunity is erased they will change their tune. Right now, it's the only game in town as far as gun control goes. ", "Nor should anything change.  This guy clearly broke just about every law on the books.  What will another law accomplish?  Nothing but put burdens on the law abiding.  Liberals hate the 2A and want confiscation.  That is the reality.", "Please Mr. Ryan and Mr. McCconnell, go to Vegas and tell everyone why assault weapon massacres are a necessary part of your America. ", "Mark Wright, one of the anchors for of King 5 News in Seattle, gave a very compelling commentary on guns last night.  His son was a victim of a mass shooting and he wants to know what viewers think of them.  Please take a moment to watch the video and think about what YOU think.\n\nhttp://www.king5.com/opinion/mark-wright-s-perspective-on-las-vegas-shoo...\\", "AR-15 - style assault weapons are the most profitable form of firearm recently produced; highly engineered but inexpensive to manufacture, commanding premium prices from the boyos who think they \"need\" one and using lots of ammo. It's all about the money. Any possibility of constricting sales of guns on either the primary or secondary/private market is quashed by the NRA. After all, the NRA's primary purpose is to ensure the liquidity of the gun market.\n\nThe NRA and enablers in Congress have silenced efforts to expand background checks for private sales, to prevent sales to people on watch lists, to prevent people with diagnosed mental illnesses from owning a firearm, to fund studies of gun violence or the effects of health issues due to firearms. It's as if our lives have been taken over by the NRA and the firearms industry for the purpose of revenue enhancement.\n\nThe Second Amendment states that \"...for the purpose of a well-regulated militia the right to bear arms shall not be abridged.\" What ever happened to the \"well-regulated\" part? The part that should balance community responsibility against private freedoms? \n\nIt went the way of our restrictions against unlimited funding of political campaigns. ", "I hate to say this and would be surprised if this was published. It's likely that the majority of those that attended the country music festival in Vegas, directly or indirectly supported the so called rights of the madman who killed or injured them. Their friends and relatives back home also have blood on their hands. Are those of us who see the obvious danger in allowing anyone to obtain weapons of mass destruction obligated to protect these people? If so, how??? ", "Nothing ever changes. It has been 51 years since the first mass shooting, when Charles Whitman took the elevator to the top of the University of Texas Tower, and began methodically picking off random students walking below.  17 died. But for a dental appointment that day, I could have been one of them.\n\nWhitman was a former Marine sharpshooter, who had once chillingly observed to a friend that it would be possible for a trained marksman to kill a lot of people from the top of the tower before anyone could stop him. Imagine if he had been able to use a fully automatic weapon like the one the Las Vegas shooter managed somehow to acquire. The Las Vegas shooter didn\u2019t need to be an expert marksman like Whitman. He only needed to a high vantage point , an unsuspecting  crowd of people and the right weapon. He didn\u2019t even need to aim.\n\nOf course the rituals of offering thoughts and prayers, lowering flags, moments of silence, and funerals will happen, again. And again, nothing will change. Nothing ever does, unless we the voters act. ", "The American government has become an obscenity.", "Here's an idea I first heard in an episode of \"The West Wing\":  Why don't millions of gun control proponents join the NRA and then vote to shut it down, or at least to stop all lobbying efforts to lessen gun control regulations.\nA good NRA score given to politicians who protect the gun culture must be thought of as the mark of Cain.\nJoin the NRA - Shut it down.", "US gun laws will die with the US because no other society on the face of the earth seeks to replicate them.  Its tough being a beacon of stupidity, but we will learn eventually. I can't wait.", "Rep. Israel, with all due respect, I want to prove you wrong. The Las Vegas massacre must be the last straw for Americans disgusted by senseless slaughter of our fellow citizens. The blood of the victims is on the hands of every legislator on the local, state or federal level who had the opportunity to work on common sense gun legislation, but put his or her head in the sand. The horror of last night must live on in our memories especially whenever we have the opportunity to replace \"Do Nothing\" legislators with people who represent us.", "And yet we keep electing easily corruptible  lawyers to Congress.  We\u2019re not too bright.", "Since passing more restrictive gun laws seems to be going nowhere, perhaps we should ask Congress to agree to play by the same rules as the citizens it purports to protect.  The new law would be simple: Any laws passed by Congress restricting the possession of firearms in government buildings shall not be any more restrictive than the laws that apply to all non-government buildings and public areas.  ", "This kind of abomination could happen once a week for the next 100 years and the the NRA and its supporters would still maintain that guns do not kill people, only people kill people.  Almost every politician not in a district (or state) with a substantial Democratic majority is terrified of offending the gun lobby and its 130 million plus supporters.  If all the horrendous mass shootings we have witnessed in the last 20 years can not bring about a strong national movement to rethink our gun laws, it is hard to imagine what future appalling slaughter would. ", "You are correct, nothing will change.\nThe Conservatives in Congress are pro-life until their terms are up and they need money to get re-elected and run to the NRA for some bloody cash.\nWe live in a sick country where the professional politicians (they don't represent the majority of Americans) choose money over innocent lives, and that's why nothing will change.", "This is another case where Republican voters are to blame and I do blame them. They vote to deny healthcare to their fellow citizens and many of those fellow citizens suffer needlessly and die prematurely. They vote for the most militant candidates who send our sons and daughters, husbands and fathers into war and keep us in perpetual wars. And they vote against any candidate who would in the least bit regulate gun ownership to save even a few innocent lives. Votes have consequences. ", "You want honest politicians ? Get rid of ALL campaign financing. \n\nOur Congressional representatives have proven they are ineffective and out of touch with real everyday American lives. Their focus is all about election fundraising and keeping their do-nothing jobs. They are bought and sold. \n\nMandate \"x\" number of hours of tv time per candidate per week. It is not negotiable.\nMake Congress a real job! Full week office hours. Mandate minimum numbers of appt hours to the constituents. Mandate town hall meetings. 3 weeks vacation per year. Again, make it a real job, not a slush fund. Jail those proven to give \"gifts\" to representatives. \n\nNo more lobbyists. They have proven they are only corporate shills. They are not pro-American families. They are pro Cayman Island accounts.  \n\nWe need a real govt again. They work for We The People, not the corporations. ", "Yes, but if we wanted to do more than turn the page, what would it be and why bother? I've marched and donated for gun control, and pray for an end to the violence, again and again, to no avail. Myself and concerned citizens seem no match for NRA. What would you have us do?", "The Democrats are showing very little sensitivity to the victims who have lost their lives during this horrific crime by bringing politics into the discussion.  They are still searching for bodies and the victims' families have not been notified of their loved ones deaths and yet all the Democrats can talk about is gun control.  This is not the time to bring up this topic and it appears they are using this tragedy to further their agenda.  Gun control can be discussed but let's give the families time to mourn the loss of loved ones.  There will be lots of time in the coming weeks to debate this but this is not the proper time to do so.", "The reason behind inaction about.guns is that the GOP Congress does what the gun lobby asks it to do. Why? Because the gun lobby pays them. To get the money for re-election you could try to please voters. But that is iffy compared to a certain payoff for well defined actions. It\u2019s venal. It\u2019s corrupt. It\u2019s the GOP.", "Yup! Situation normal- snafued as usual.\nAny sacrifice is worth maintaining the freedom to own an assault weapon.\nSimiliar in principal, yet vastly different than that freedom of choice is that potential mothers shouldn't have the freedom to control thier own bodies and the embryos therein.\nI'm not one for equivalencies yet the tension between these poles begs a question while implying an inconvenient truth...", "There always seems to be some disquieting concern in the wake of these unspeakable acts as to whether or not \"mental illness\" was a factor. Anyone who kills as many as people as possible regardless of motive or military or ideological affiliation is unquestionably mentally ill. Guns are not plot devices to make movies more fun; they are designed to blow holes in people and animals. (And if one is actually okay with the latter description, ask a deer if there is such thing as a \"responsible hunter.\" What if I went and sportingly shot one of those \"responsible hunter's\" dogs?)\n\nBut the real mental illness is when lawmakers eschew the drafting and enacting of laws \u2014\u00a0their job \u2014 and offer us only their \"thoughts and prayers\" instead.", "I wish I could add the graphic I found on the subject of world gun violence.  USA, our America the Beautiful, tops the chart with 82% of the deaths and the graph looks like a forest with most of the trees shrubs, EXCEPT for ours.  \"Whaddaboutnow?\"  - there is much more to gun control than control....it's going to be a magic 'just do it ' day - but when?    \n\nI was not well all day, having lost my husband our children's dad to sudden natural death at age 39 - it's a nightmare  - and alll those people damaged now - the survivors are as damaged as the victims for the grief!  To them, I say what I learned to my joy - \"Hang in!  It DOES get better - aim for it and BELIEVE!\"    But ohhhhhhhhh...today is indescribable.  God bless all of us. It is our fault, and we won't be forgiven - we know better.", "If guns were outlawed, gun crime would end. Criminals would respect gun laws even if they don't respect laws against murder. But some people don't want Anti-gun laws. Take Baltimore, that city just watered down anti-gun legislation because it might be too harsh on criminals with guns. Let's be careful not to incarcerate too many guilty people!", "Repealing the Second Amendment is a good idea. It will not mean making gun ownership illegal, but it will remove such ownership from the category of \"sacred right.\" When gun ownership stops being viewed as an inalienable right, rational regulation and control will not be opposed. No one objects to government authority imposing speed limits on highways even if one speeds. A person can never argue, \"It is my right to speed.\" It is not ingrained in the constitution. ", "The sad thing is that if this had been an attack by an ISIS terrorist or sympathizer, congress and the president would have surely acted, as they already did with the Muslim Travel Ban.\nMaybe they would have initiated their desired Muslim registry. Yet so many states do not register who gun owners are. I live in NM and you can buy a gun here and no one will know you own it. It can't be traced back to the buyer (they do perform background checks before a sale).\nBut I don't think even Trump or the NRA would dare to say this time that a 'good guy' with a gun could have stopped the deranged Las Vegas shooter.", "The NRA isn't the only lobby with money, yet they have a stranglehold on Congress. Question: Where are the others with money?\n\nI live in Silicon Valley. There is an obscene amount of money here. The \"Frightful Five\" alone have more money than some countries. Couldn't the tech lobby \"outbid\" the NRA? What if they were joined by the film and television industry? The music industry (at least the L.A. music industry)?\n\nMore people want tech, TV, movies, and music than want unrestricted access to guns. \n\nMaybe the best strategy at this point is to \"go through the back door\": Instead of contacting Congress, people wanting changes to gun laws should lobby big-money industries like tech and film/television to use their \"purchasing power\" and lobby Congress for change, using the same (effective) strategy as the NRA, only for the purpose of sensible gun laws.\n\nIf Congress only listens to Big Business, then maybe it's time to encourage a big business/industry to speak louder than the NRA. Send messages and letters to Apple, Alphabet (Google), Facebook, Amazon, and Microsoft. It doesn't hurt to ask. ", "An excellent column.  The next question is, How does the NRA exert so much influence in Congress?  Well, when in doubt, follow the money.  The NRA\nspends an enormous amount of money on lobbying and campaign contributions.\n\nHere are a few links to explore:\n\nhttp://www.pbs.org/wgbh/frontline/article/how-loaded-is-the-gun-lobby/\n\nhttp://www.opensecrets.org/orgs/summary.php?id=D000000082\n\nhttp://www.businessinsider.com/nra-lobbying-money-national-rifle-associa...\n\nWhat this says to me is, we have to get private money out of our public elections.  A big project. But once we do, the NRA will lose its say-so. And until then, we'll be spinning our wheels on the issue of gun control.\n\n1.  Reverse the Citizens United decision.\n2.  Revise campaign funding so that all qualifying candidates receive equal\n     public funding.\n3.  Prohibit private contributions to any candidate for public election.\n\nA big project, but better to attack the root of the problem than to spend time pruning the branches.", "Still waiting for Diane Feinstein to speak out on this issue. Schumer and Pelosi have given their standard better deal mumbles and prayers for some gentle legislation that could be called gun control. If Diane Feinstein does not offer leadership, it will need to come from younger Democrats who will be living with the consequences of their decisions longer than the entrenched powers are likely to be an active part of the solution.\n\nNo matter who steps up, their success and motivation depend on us calling our representatives in huge numbers until something gets done. That means we need to act, just as we have in the ACA repeal battles, but it also means we need to be informed.\n\nI have noticed a three articles about the efficacy of various gun control measures that I found credible and helpful:\n\n- 6 Things to Know About Mass Shootings in America from scientificamerican.com\n\n- America's Gun Violence, Explained - just updated at vox.com\n\n- Gun control and religious freedom: How thinking in constitutional absolutes is killing people - from pathos.com\n\nThis is THE time to press the gun politics issues. The House is trying to pass the NRA's major wishlist (silencers, armor piercing ammo, and effective nullification of local regulations for people carrying guns across state lines) with concealed carry expansion to follow. As with the ACA, we can stop this. But we owe it to our country to make things better, not just stop them from getting worse. Get informed. Speak up. Don't quit.", "The presidents of Iraq and Turkey, yesterday, offered their condolences to America. That should be like a punch in the gut to every member of Congress and the president.\n\nThere 535 members of Congress and 9 Supreme Court justices; the number of people killed and wounded in this incident surpassed the sum of those 2 branches of government.  And it happened in a matter of minutes and at the hands of one person who simply had the opportunity to do so.\n\nIt's not the American public who are to blame for this; it's not even the gun lobby (that's akin to blaming a thief for offering a cop a bribe).  The blame for this national crisis falls squarely at the feet of every member of Congress who, at least since Sandy Hook, has ignored the epidemic for money or played politics with the issue for strategic advantage.\n\nWe expect Bashar al-Assad to gas and kill his people for money and power.  We expect the Congress of the United States to be different.", "Mr. Isreal suggests that I am part of the problem. I watch and read the news coverage of every mass shooting incident, in detail, for days. I live in a highly gerrymandered district, so my vote is made meaningless. I have signed petitions, donated funds, attended protests and used social media to try and effect change. And yet, my Federal, state and local governments do nothing. \n\nOther than taking up arms to overthrow my ineffectual government, what more would Mr. Isreal want me to do? This diffusion of blame is ludicrous, Mr. Isreal. Congress needs to own this. It needs to put the country above reelection. ", "Thank you mr. Israel for your analysis.\nI don't think there is a solution to prevent these massacres , but we have to brace ourselves for more devastating ones to come .\nWe have been anesthetized to tolerate this abomination.\nIt will become everyday news , just like weather forecast , we will just hope none of our family members or friends were the targets.\nI spend many months every year in Florida and I feel afraid that my tranquil life will be destroyed by a mentally deranged person .\nI find American society is now becoming more rude , always on edge , and there is always the possibility that too many are carrying concealed firearms.\nIn America I feel unsecured , threatened , your patchwork healthcare system has too many cracks , many mentally unstable people are not being treated and many are allowed to carry firearms.\nBackground checks for gun ownership is a joke .\nThe GOP , NRA and armaments lobbies are responsible for the demise of this Great Country.", "Excuse me? Me, the reader? The one with the churning stomach?\n\nSir, I have written letters (yes! real letters, with a stamp and everything!) and made calls (talking to another person!) to my representative (currently Tom Reed [R-NY 23]), signed petitions, marched, donated to pro-gun control organizations for decades ... and things have only gotten worse. \n\nNote that one of the first things the current Congress did was make it easier for people with mental illness to buy guns.\n\nFeeling unheard and helpless, with a sickening sense that we still haven't seen the worst of it, I wonder if I even want to live in this country anymore. The lowest common denominator is calling the shots now, and it is heavily armed and paranoid, with hair-trigger reactivity. If it's not safe to watch a country music concert on a Sunday night, it's not safe anywhere in the US, at any time.", "McConnell and Ryan are not patriots and are not anything worthy of admiration.  They sit by and watch, offering \"thoughts and prayers\" after each display of gun violence.  Similarly, they sit by and watch as Trump reveals his utter contempt for our Constitution.  Collusion with Russia?  Obstruction of justice, as in firing Comey?  Flinging down and dancing on the emollients provisions of the Constitution (using office for profit)?  They site by and watch.  They are spineless examples of human waste, presiding over an era of the United States' destruction.  Who among our enemies needs a Putin?  We already have enemies within, in the persons of these two \"leaders\" and their many Congressional collaborators.", "Yes they will take no action because they care more about their easy jobs than their fellow Americans. You all did notice though that after Scalise got shot they took action to provide themselves more security by changing the rules so they could use campaign donations to hire more guards. \n\nIt warms my heart that they at least care about their own safety.", "Sorry folks (including meself), if a classroom filled with 1st Graders and Teachers Blood and futures didn't move the needle, nothing will.\n\nHaving a job where you're required to brief on the Effectiveness of a Firearm has to be (one of) the easiest job in the world?", "When it comes to guns, a majority if American voters are effectively disenfranchised by the Republican Party's unholy alliance with the NRA. No two ways about it.", "Vote with your wallet, don't go to Las Vegas or any state with loose gun laws. When they lose money on tourism maybe they will demand background checks for people who should not have guns. Money is what they understand. ", "The Second Amendment isn\u2019t one of the Ten Commandments. It needs to change to reflect what is best for Americans today and into the future. Preserving legal language that was written 226 years ago and has helped to contribute to over 521 mass shootings in the last 477 days is unequivocally selfish. It means this country is willing to tolerate high rates of death and destruction (as long as it\u2019s not someone they know) so that adults and children can play with their guns. We have changed our culture before, and for the better. Woman and blacks are now equal to white men. The government, without taking away our right to drive automobiles, legislated auto safety, creating cars that are 95 percent safer than they ever were and saving thousands of lives in the process. Wonders never cease.               ", "I can only conclude that a majority of the members of the Senate and House are uncaring and immoral, with no values worth mentioning. Shame on them and those who elected them. Mass shootings are not natural disasters. The president hasn't a clue: There is no meaning in them other than our failure to do something to build a better society. The chaos and darkness he sees are of our own making. There are answers. No gun permits for anyone with a history of mental illness. No straw purchases of guns. More careful monitoring of gun shows. No automatic weapons. Such things can be worked out.", "I think that until congress does something serious there should be little more than brief note of these incidents. If there is no action news is voyeurism.", "As long as the NRA and other \"gun rights\" organizations continue to be incapable of holding a mature conversation about gun control, we have to accept that more-or-less unfettered access to guns is more important than any American lives. What a terrible indictment of American society!", "Maybe the answer lies in a different direction.  Ultimately the problem, as alluded to here, is the abject failure of Congress to protect the safety and security of the residents of this country.  So perhaps what's really needed are some profound personal learning experiences (PPLE's).  \n\nMembers who are opposed to gun control legislation, how about y'all take it to the streets.  Grab a bus some Saturday night and head on into the 'hood.  By yourself, like a lot of the rest of us have to travel through the world.  Stroll around for a while, see the sights.  If you can legally carry, and want to, go ahead and bring it along.  But the laws of the land apply.  You make a bad shoot and, well, it'll be a different sort of house you'll be spending your future life in.\n\nThose of you in Congress who support legislation to provide us regular citizens safety from gun violence, please encourage your opposing colleagues to walk their talk and show you first-hand how right they are.  Or, if unwilling, that it's time to shut-up and get with the program.  Our patience, as citizens, has expired.", "Nothing changes because not enough Americans want it to change - I don't even believe that it's Congress or the gun lobby anymore. Even Bernie Sanders, the favorite of many Democrats, has not supported gun control.\n\nIf massive, bi-partisan numbers of people took to the streets, then maybe something will change.How many more innocents will have to die before we finally say, Enough is enough ?  \n\nOr will the knee-jerk reaction be to arm everyone, not that this would have helped save lives yesterday, when the assailant is high up and hundreds of yards away ?\n\nAs with the Trump government - Russian interference and electoral college notwithstanding -  we deserve the country we get. It's time to look at ourselves", "Why can't states introduce more restrictive legislation?", "The writer neglects one single most power reason that gun control has not passed.  Congress is owned by the National Rifle Association.  In 2012 247 members of both houses took money from the NRA and the numbers have gone up since then.  Taking campaign money from the NRA obligates all of them, as Hasan Minhaj pointed out at the White House Correspondents dinner in his blisteringly accurate speech on why the problem exists.  Congress voted to stop the CDC from even studying gun violence as a public health problem, so we have no data on it's effects thanks to the NRA.  Yet taking NRA money and doing the NRA's bidding doesn't make any of them feel like a hypocrite when they offer \"prayers for the victims\" as they did in Orlando and other shootings and as they certainly will do here.  For a list of all the concerned Congress members who offered \"prayers\" for Orlando while taking NRA money simply take a look at the link.  Congress is the problem along with gerrymandered districts and a focus on private money in federal elections. Take private money out of the election process and you may see Congress suddenly be less hypocritical and more responsive to voters.http://splinternews.com/here-are-all-the-congresspeople-who-took-nra-mon...", "Not quite true. Sales of guns shot up immediately. It is true that nothing good will come out of this.", "In the wake of a national tragedy, the author is quick to point fingers at \"Them\" (Congress in paragraph 2; the gun lobby later in the article) and \"you\" (the docile, unresponsive reader). Almost no mention of \"we\" in the article (though there are plenty of self-serving \"I''s\").\n\nWithout a sense of \"we\" among Americans there can truly be no solution to gun violence or any other of our persistent and divisive national problems.", "Until the NRA completely invented a new meaning for the second amendment in the late 1980\u2019s, we all understood what it meant as it was read word for word  \u2018A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.\nIn the 1700\u2019s well-regulated meant well-regulated. And a militia was an organized group,well regulated to protect us in war... thus security of the state. And muskets at that.\nNever did the founders believe or give sanction to automatic weapons that just anybody (thus not well regulated) could turn upon our own people.. thus denying security of the state.\nAll those whining NRA supporters who insist they need automatic weapons to \u2018hunt\u2019 are wrong about the second amendment.\nIf the Constitution means so much they need to read it all. The preamble says the constitution is to guarantee for us certain rights, \u2018establish justice, ensure domestic tranquillity, provide for the common defense promote the general welfare and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and posterity.\u2019\nThere can be no tranquility, justice or general welfare when the very safety of our citizens is under constant threat from unregulated gun dealing and usage that is definitely not a \u2018well regulated militia.\u2019\nNever have so many died for the misinterpretation for monetary gain of so few words. ", "The crux is campaign finance reform. As long as there are effectively no spending limits then you will get the best Congress can buy. And since the NRA is flush with Remington, Smith & Wesson and the clutch of other manufacturer's , many congressmen will remain scared to cross them. ", "This reader has sent multiple letters to her congressman: pleading, arguing, threatening. He never wavers; he is a staunch Second Amendment supporter. He does not hear me, for mu voice drowns in the sea of his financial backers whose interests override those of the the constituents. That is more or less a portrait of American politicians. ", "Steve, you're absolutely right. NOTHING will change as long as N.R.A. money buys congressional votes. The N.R.A. owns the GOP, the White House, and too many Dems as well. These empty expressions of sympathy on the part of our feckless leaders are a disgusting insult to the victims of gun violence in our country.", "Until we decide that children in schools matter, that people attending a music concert matter, that people doing their jobs matter, that we matter, and that we matter more than lobbying dollars, nothing will change.\n\nUntil we remove the colossal financial incentives paid to congress people by the gun lobby to allow the obscene proliferation of guns, nothing will change.\n\nUntil we decide that the toxic and false information spewed by Republicans, the NRA, hate radio and Faux News needs to be regulated to save our country, nothing will change. ", "Mass shootings have lead me to develop irrational behaviors.   I try to avoid large gatherings.  At theaters, the first thing I do is identify the exits.  I don't travel like I once did.  I don't attend sporting events, church, fairs, shopping malls, etc.\nPerhaps when enough shootings affect the bottom line of corporate America we will eventually see some movement on gun control.", "Perhaps the solution to too many guns is for us, who do not want that many guns our there, to buy guns and then destroy them. After all the manufacturers do not care what you do with the gun as long as they get to make some money.", "Powerful words, describing corrupt politics. I will look up NRA funding re: my Congressional Rep, Elise Stefanik, representing upstate NY. I email her often (along with Mitch McConnell et al); am I making a difference? I remember Columbine, and feeling ill at the time, and many times following. Regardless, I persist. ", "\"Third, the problem is you, the reader. You\u2019ve become inoculated. You\u2019ll read this essay and others like it, and turn the page or click another link. You\u2019ll watch or listen to the news and shake your head, then flip to another channel or another app. This horrific event will recede into our collective memory.\"\n\nConsidering you are a former Congressman, if you're going to call people out for their lack of action the least you could do is follow it up with some suggestions for positive action.  If you don't want people to simply 'turn the page' then I suggest you leave them other choices at the bottom of your article.\n\nAs a liberal citizen of the Pacific Northwest, and someone who's never supported the NRA or any gun group, and as someone who's always been an advocate for better gun control or an outright ban, I honestly don't know what more I can do?\n\nI'm all ears though.", "I posted the same sentiment on several sites including social media. My postings were totally civil. The responses ranged from polite disagreement to being called a few choice names. My final comment was somewhere in the neighborhood of don't expect changes in the law unless or until family members of the NRA are adversely affected by a gun. That didn't seem to affect anyone. Sad.", "Its true, nothing will change. Americans simply dont care. There are many principled people who will raise their voices and be active. But collectively the majority couldn't be bothered doing anything that goes against the US credo of  guns and money, their self-centeredness and fake christianity underscoring it all.  Politicians included, Republican politicians most of all.\nI would think its sad, so many lives lost and absolutely nothing will come of it except increased bonuses for gun manufacturer CEO's.\nYou know its true.", "This current, Republican Congress will more than likely pass an NRA-backed proposal to allow the unregulated sale of silencers. It's already been approved by some House committee, and it will sail through to Trump's desk, where Trump will sign it into law but without video cameras rolling.\n\nIn other words, it will be back to normal.\n\nThe only solution is to demand of EVERY candidate for Congress how they stand on curbing reckless gun \"rights.\" Force them to take a stand, and those ho won't should be voted out of office.\n\nAs for Trump, he is a hopeless case. Vote for anyone -- anyone -- who supports limits on gun ownership, opposes concealed carry and the sale of military ammunition and silencers. Do not under any circumstances vote for any candidate who takes money from the NRA or other like-minded organizations.\n\nAnd speak up. No more thoughts and prayers. Action. Courage. Perseverance. Righteous indignation. and no more cowardice.", "With political will, gun control can be done in a heartbeat. There was one gun-related massacre in Australia in 1996 where 35 people died, but there was no hand-wringing nor equivocation. There was a realisation that something needed to be done and done quickly. Yes, there was loud opposition from the gun lobby. But despite the potential political consequences for the newly-elected conservative government of the day, strict gun control measures were introduced.\nThey are still there and they continue to protect the community from those with mental health issues, an axe to grind and easy access to high calibre weapons and ammunition.\nThere is no support for a return to moderate gun laws in Australian, and while ever there are massacres in the United States to illustrate the folly of giving people virtually unfettered access to weapons, there will never be any support.\nAmerica, you can do the same. There will be some noise from the vested interests while change is being introduced, but it will dissipate quickly and ultimately will be supported by all sides of politics.\nWhile ever nothing is done, your legislators must share the guilt of every death.", "When North Carolina passed its anti transgender rights bill, a boycott forced it to retreat.  When Arizona refused to pass a Martin Luther King holiday bill, a boycott forced it to retreat.\nIsn't  it about time people who support gun control and the governments of states that have sane gun laws refuse to vacation or pay for visits to those states that have chosen to have insane laws that allow things like open carry and allow people to buy as many guns as they want.  Nothing works like putting a dent in someone's wallet.  Don't go to Nevada or Florida or Texas.", "Mr. Israel is right. I was certainly guilty as Mr. Israel said for becoming inoculated, but not since Newtown. I have not \u201cforgotten\u201d.  Most of my life I have voted Republican, but rarely do I since Newtown.  This one voter holds responsible the gun lobby and most of the GOP for impeding common sense measures to restrict the purchase and ownership of assault rifles.  All other important issues take second place for me.  And it unnecessarily makes a dangerous occupation exponentially more so for the people paid to protect us.  It is unconscionable in a supposedly civilized country.  ", "\"I do not believe in taking away the right of the citizen for sporting, for hunting and so forth, or for home defense.  But I do believe that an\u00a0AK-47,\u00a0a machine gun, is not a sporting weapon or needed for defense of a home.\"  -- Ronald Reagan", "We've always had the 2nd amendment. We haven't always been such a sick nation. These killings are symptomatic of what we have become today as a people. Let's talk about the root cause too, not just the symptomatic behavior of its sick and desperate members.", "Let's be blunt: the tragedy in Las Vegas, like the earlier tragedies in Orlando and Sandy Hook, will not lead to sensible regulation of firearms.  Why not?  Some combination of political control by capitalist firearms manufacturers, along with cowardice and stupidity on the part of legislators in Congress and state capitals, and the bizarre notion in many people's minds that uncontrolled access to firearms is essential for individual \"freedom\" and happiness.\n\nWe've been through enough shootings--mass and individual shootings--to know that nothing will change.  \n\nInstead, Las Vegas will be seen as one more milestone in the deterioration and perhaps collapse of an American state and civilization that never made it out of the late 18th century.\n\nI weep for my country. . . .", "More than happy to support keeping guns from those on the terrorist watchlist.  As long as you're willing to document the EXACT steps someone must undergo to get themselves removed from same, along with a LAW that grants default judgment to applicant within 30 days.  And, reason for inclusion must be made available to applicant and to public.  You good with that?  If, not, you're not serious.", "Nothing will change until we find creative compromise (fight fire with fire). In homage to the second amendment, let's have a national militia law.  All military style arms will be returned to/stored in local armories under lock by local officials.  Communities may form militias and members hold practice one day per week with their weapons of mass destruction. That will take care of the big guns. Can we seek similar solutions for the semiautomatic handguns?  Leave the sawed off shotguns and appropriate for purpose hunting rifles in homes for self defence. ", "We need to challenge the gun lobby.  Here's one way.  Under the general welfare clause of the constitution a law is passed that confiscates all semi-automatic weapons.  The owner has 45 days to turn in the gun and failure to comply makes one a felon. Let the NRA and the Federalist Society explain how the possession of semi-automatic weapons \"promote the general welfare.\"  Of course, the defense  will trot out the usual slippery slope arguments as a diversion from confronting the issue that semi-automatic guns cannot pass the general welfare test.  Nothing less than confiscation will end this slaughter of the innocents.  It is well past time to face the issue of what kind of a society we wish to create for successive generations.", "Since America seems to be a \"gun culture\", the only sensible way to stop these mass killings is to ban both the MANUFACTURE and SALE of assault weapons to the public at large, who have no legitimate use for such military-style weapons. The manufacture and sale of  silencers for these an other weapons likewise should be banned. Those who now possess such weapons must surrender them to the police for proper disposal of face severe penalties. Also, the sale of ALL ammunition for ALL guns must be rationed to prevent the accumulation of inordinate amounts of ammunition -- enough to almost start a war in some reported cases. Here, I would advocate a system involving the use of RATION STAMPS used during the time of WW-II; one applies for and must present some specified number of ration stamps, issued by law enforcement authorities, for the purchase of limited amounts of ammunition. I would also favor a high tax on the sale of ammunition to prohibit excessive hoarding; such a tax would be comparable to that used to deter cigarette smoking. Although these measures may result in inconvenience to some, they are necessary for the freedom, health, and public safety of all who live in our society. Now, get busy Congress !!", "\"Bazookas for everyone\" has been their response. Slapping the face of the American people. And you wonder why some people were so mad they symbolically rioted and elected Trump, a man they knew is a demagogue? (Granted, it was anger over other issues, but the frustration is the same: \"When will you listen?\" How they could possibly think Trump would listen is beyond me!)", "Every politician who accepts a donation from NRA is accepting blood money.  Literally, those dollars matter more to those politicians than do a few thousand American lives each year.\n\nLet's put every politician accepting NRA money or ad support on continual notice that we view them as having blood on their hands.", "Is it true that you can go to the weekly Gun Shows in Las Vegas and buy a semi-automatic assault rifle without a background check? Then get a $50 kit on the internet that converts it to a machine gun? Then go to your local gun shop or Wallmart and buy cases of ammunition so that you can wreck havoc on the community with impunity?\nI have no problem with gun ownership for hunting and personal protection. If you want to shoot lots of bullets because it is fun, go to a shooting range.\nBut being able to get a room in a public hotel, fill it with an arsenal of military grade killing machines that you purchased legally, and then do target shooting on actual human beings seems pretty like an obscenity that our government should do something about, even if it means you might not get re-elected.\nIt is time to change this insanity.", "Brilliant article. I do think, however, that the study on the effects of massage on rabbits, is a good use of money.  There is a correlation between body health and mental health.  ", "The problem with outlawing military-style riffles is that they are exactly the type of weapons the authors of the Second Amendment meant to protect. They wanted to ensure Americans were armed so they could form militias to engage and defeat regular armies. They wanted to ensure Americans were equipped to fight a war. Many Americans, but not all Americans, think the need for militias has passed. But we should go through the amendment process rather than just pretending the Second Amendment doesn\u2019t say what it says. The danger in ignoring the Second Amendment is that if one article of the Bill of Rights can be ignored, they can all be ignored.", "Until Citizens United is overturned and serious campaign finance reform passed nothing will change. The gun lobby is all about profits, never about safety. Today wee see a broken GOP that pretends tax cuts for the wealthy is health care reform. They will deregulate Wall Street, enable polluters and work only for the donor class. There will be more and more mass killings as long as money trumps common sense. The shooter was not a member of a Militia and his weapons were not well regulated.", "Calling these horrendous acts \"pure evil\" and offering only \"thoughts and prayers\" as a response to them is pure delusion and turns a blind eye to the truth that there are conventional (worldly) causes and conditions that give rise to them, and that there are concrete steps that can be taken to actually reduce their incidence.  ", "I concur with Mr. Israel. This too will pass. There will be a lot of articles, a lot of finger pointing, a lot of \"what ifs\" , and a lot of scapegoating. However, nothing will change. I am a teacher, and I happen to be teaching Plato and Speech and Debate right now. People are mired in their Platonic conceptions of what will and what will not work, and any deviation from that is unacceptable to them. So many people are screaming \"We must do something about guns\". Who is \"we\"? What exactly is it that \"we\" should do? \"something\" is not an answer. \"Something\" amounts to \"nothing\", and \"nothing\" amounts to corpses. We are reaching a point were corpses, even those of children, are only good for perpetuating the cycle. What \"we\" need is a summit of some sort. We need a conglomeration of ideas, an understanding of where the other side stands, and then legislation that receives bilateral support. \"We\" can do nothing currently because there is only \"us\" and \"them\", and the perception of the perceived enemy- anyone who doesn't adhere completely to our position- obfuscates where the focus should be. The solution is out there, it just isn't polarized, and the polarization is keeping the road open for these tragedies.Blaming Congress is convenient; in this case, Congress truly is a reflection of a country so at odds with itself, it refuses to see the light. ", "Polarization is literally killing us.  I live in Seattle, and (of course) am a member of the Alliance for Gun Responsibility and a regular donor to the Coalition to Stop Gun Violence.  I would call my senator or representative,  but I know it will do no good.  I know that all three congresspeople will vote with me.  They too are from the same polarized region I am from.  So literally I have no voice in America.  The lines are so carefully drawn to give power to a minority who has no seeming interest in compromise.  I genuinely  don't know what to do. ", "Our government and the public had no problem going after the tobacco industry because tobacco kills. The rights of smokers were restricted for public safety.\nHow absurd that our government and the public can't or won't muster to go against the gun industry. The rights of gun owners are more important than public safety because the constitution says so.\nWhat kind of society decides a smoking cigarette is more deadly than a smoking gun? At least with tobacco a person has some choice. With guns, a person can be shot dead or damaged for life simply by being in the wrong place at the wrong time.", "I don't own guns. I don't want guns. I would not care if there were no guns in private hands.\n\nYet, isn't there a huge overlooked contradiction in all the calls for more gun control? If laws could prevent bad behavior, then wouldn't the draconian laws against shooting innocent people, with penalties up to and including death, prevent atrocities like the Las Vegas massacre? Clearly, killers are not deterred by life in prison or even death, so why would they be deterred by a fine or slap on the wrist for owning or modifying a gun? Those advocating more gun control need to explain that apparent contradiction.\n\nAnd as we have seen all over the world, terrorists do not need guns. They just drive cars through crowds of innocent people. Remember Cannes, Berlin, London, Edmonton, Barcelona, Ohio State University, Stockholm, and Israel, to name a few, where Islamic extremists drove vehicles through crowds of people and, in a single event, killed and maimed more innocents than the Las Vegas terrorist. Where are the demands for background checks before owning or renting a vehicle?\n\nHow do we explain Chicago, a city that leads the nation in both gun control and gun-related violence?\n\nIf gun control would really mitigate terrorist and one-on-one murders, then I would be all for it. But to squander resources on another feel-good initiative while the terrorists and murderers continue their carnage - with or without guns - will only spill more innocent blood.", "Why does a lower \"NRA score\" mean that an elected leader will lose the opportunity to lead? (For that matter, why did a person such as the current president receive even a statistically significant number of votes?) Why does a country that's capable of soaring to unimaginable heights seem to insist on continuing to drag its knuckles along the ground? Is it that, given the realities of being human, that's an inevitable consequence of the liberties that make us great? Or does it reflect a fundamental deficit in our overall educational program? Or am I wrong to think that easy access to privately owned WMD (and the election of a president who shocks the conscience and seems worse than unfit) are deplorable?", "An American citizen who over-used and abused his 2nd Amendment rights decided on Sunday night in Las Vegas that a number of his fellow citizens had made the deadly decision to attend an outdoor music concert and would pay for it with their lives.  He used his battlefield-grade weapons to kill 59 of them outright.  Hundreds more are in the hospital fighting for their lives.  The American public has had war declared on it by homegrown terrorists.  No one can take for granted that it is safe to go to any public gathering whether it be shopping at the mall, going to school, seeing a movie or attending a concert, sporting event, or a Broadway show.  We have had war declared on our right to safety in our own country.  Our leaders will do nothing.  Prayers, moments of silence, and avoiding the issue of too many guns is all that they have to offer us.  And we're even worse--we have accepted it and tried to cope with deadly hazards of going out in public in America.  It seems the only folks who have absolute rights in this country are gun owners, gun manufacturers, the NRA, and of course Republicans in Congress who enable it all.", "I agree that nothing will change. Our Congress is in the pocket of the NRA, and most of our \"representatives\" are too weak to oppose them. The organization will claim, as they always do, that guns did not kill the Las Vegas victims. As if the outcome would have been the same if Mr. Paddock had stood at his hotel window and lobbed potatoes at the crowd below. Guns are manufactured for only one purpose: to kill. They serve no other function. As long as we allow ourselves to keep believing that guns are harmless, benign objects the headlines will continue to report on the deaths they bring. ", "Anytime you have an organizational culture - like the one that exists in both houses of Congress today - where the membership prioritizes keeping their jobs over doing their jobs effectively, you have a culture of stagnancy and mind numbing under-performance. Our political leadership would rather be ineffective and holding office than be effective (god forbid courageous) and risk not being in office. Sad.", "The United States is not well.  A reactionary minority with the help of big dollars holds the country to ransom.  This in turn threatens the whole free worldl.  I often criticize Russian citizens for their lack of efforts to  uphold democratic principles and chastize their corrupt government.  Sadly, I am beginning to see that United States citizens are not that much different. There is no excuse for this malaise from a free people.", "Here are a couple of truths. The gun manufacturers own congress and this country. They've turned us against each other. Mass murder is now so common in this country that when one of them happens the headlines should simply read 'Another day in 'Murica', another mass shooting. This time x number dead, x number wounded'. And move on. No more trying to figure out what went wrong with the perp. No more mourning the dead and wounded in public displays because each of us will be touched by gun violence in this country. We have more guns than people. More money spent on guns and ammo than on gun research.\nI've never voted for anyone who thought owning as many guns as you want is a good idea. I've never sat by silently. But the country did. And will. Until we end all corporate/government 'partnerships' and return ourselves to a democracy rather than the plutocracy that it is now. ", "Even if Congress had enough courage to enact sensible gun control laws, there would still be millions of guns still in the hands of \"sportsmen\" who could perpetrate another Las Vegas or Sandy Hook massacre. Just as I despair that the NRA-purchased congressmen will keep letting this insanity going, I'm certain that they'll never prohibit the continued possession and resale of those guns already available to anyone who wants to dispose of his family members, his neighbors or anybody else who offends him. Sadly, I doubt that this country has the will to enact any meaningful curb on this madness.", "Maybe people should be pushing this issue in the opposite direction since there seems to be no consensus for change.\nInstead of lamenting about how nothing will change, instead how about encouraging this sort of thing by making this a new sport or better yet a game show entitled \"Deathmatch\" where contestants compete for prizes for how many people they can kill and maim. This would also fit in better with the American notion of unbridled capitalism \u2013 \"greed is good\" and all that.", "By wrapping guns in the flag, the GOP has turned a common sense public safety issue into a divisive partisan one. Millions of Americans are wondering, Where is our right to an unarmed citizenry?  Where is our right to go to a concert, a movie, a school, a college, a public park, a nightclub without fear? we need fewer prayers and more action on gun control in healthcare. it's way past critical mass...", "If 20 six/seven year olds (plus 6 adult teachers) fail move Congress to action, nothing will. Plenty of thoughts and prayers but no action except to pass laws that will only make it worse next time. Congress enables the carnage.", "No, there are people who have strong views on Politics but there are people who believe they can solve the problem when they own a gun. The truth is people want the Government to run efficiently and effectively and violence to achieve those ends was never the story line to begin with. China dominated the world stage by just lowering their currency. If you still believe violence is still a means to achieve something - you are living in a primitive world.  ", "When legislstion is proposed and specific policies are announced, it seemingly never would have stopped the most recent tragedy.", "Someone should inform Congress,  Americans, especially the families of gun violence, don't want their expressions of sympathy, platitudes about sharing the pain or their prayers.  We want Congress to represent what the citizens want: we want Congress to pass sensible gun controls, ban assault weapons, enforce background checks on EVERYONE, stop obeying the NRA!", "So many have died or been gravely wounded owing to an amendment to our constitution that is, by today's standards, oddly phrased.  At best it is unclear and at worst outmoded and dangerous. \"A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.\" This was written by a small group of privileged white men who had just fought an insurrection against the greatest imperial power of the day. A militia seemed necessary to keep the power of the federal government in check. That's why that odd final clause is appended: \"the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.\" It seems to relate to the militia, not individuals. That said, in the 18th century, few could imagine NOT owning firearms as it was part of an agrarian way of life and most of those attending the constitutional conventions lived in fear of their slaves. Even in cities, police forces did not yet exist, and others often lived in relatively remote areas with no protection other then themselves. Still, the amendment refers to \"the people,\" and not \"an individual.\" Moreover, it states that that right ought not be \"infringed,\" which icould just as easily mean that the first part of the amendment (regarding the militia), is a right that cannot be \"annulled\" rather than \"limited.\" \n\nThe current NRA-centric interpretation of this amendment needs amending. The NRA's constitution is killing us. ", "Republicans claim that they are voting the will of the people, but the people overwhelmingly want gun control. Does the NRA hold their seat in Congress hostage? Yes, but why is their seat in Congress more important than stopping mass slaughter? In Canada, there is a law stating which guns are allowed and which aren't--assault weapons no, hunting rifles yes.\nOnce again, the U.S. Congress has blood on its hands for failing to stop mass murder. And the American people are complicit for voting them back into office time after time.", "I am very impressed with Congressman Israel's thoughtful observations, as well as the contributions of other NY Times readers. I wish we could convert our thoughts into actions, but no amount of protests, or reasonable arguments seem to make a difference in Congress about sensible gun control. These types of weapons should be banned, except in the military. That's all there is to it. Nothing will change until many of these inept and corrupt politicians are voted out of office. Sadly, this may never happen. The too many moments of silence and prayers for the dead only add to their collective hypocrisy.", "Nothing will changed until the GOP lose power. The Democrats have figured out some improvements we can do without interference from the radical right wing Supreme Court: National law enforcement database, prohibition of terrorists and the insane on buying guns, and other similar moves. Preventing the same of semiautomatic guns is something else that needs to occur. But first, Democrats need to start winning. Will they?", "This country has lost its marbles.  It isn't just Washington that is a swamp.  I am shocked and depressed by the lack of widsom, critical thinking, and ability to process information by, at this point, tens of millions of Americans.  It gave us Donald Trump, who will go down as the Alfred E. Newman of presidents, who appears to be a profoundly disturbed and amoral man.  \n\nThe latest capper for me, though, is that we just endured a week of Americans, stoked by the president, trashing American citizens for exercising their First Amendment rights to peaceful protest and free speech.  They decided on their own that they could just add a caveat to the First Amendment: \"On your own time, not at work\" and \"the US government in the form of a president we like may interfere with his citizens rights so long as they're black or work for a company he has a personal beef with.\"  I quite certain that a good number of those people are now the same ferociously defending absurdities in the gun world, despite the carnage, by leaning on the 2nd Amendment, NO room for reason or reasonable (or any!) action to curb all this violence; no caveats about \"No automatic weapons or weapons that can mow down groups of people.\" Nothing. Sickness has invaded when peaceful protests, resulting in no carnage, cause 2nd Amendment loons to go ballistic, but incidents like Sandy Hook and Las Vegas cause them to invoke 2nd Amendment purity.\nWe are a broken country.", "Why do Republicans treat American deaths by foreign terrorists as worthy of public policy debates and response, yet the greater number of domestic terrorist killings are met with silence? It was easily predictable that the White House response would be, \"Now is not the time to talk about gun policy. To do so would be disrespectful.\" Such is the default response to real world events that challenge Republican's do-nothing stances on certain policy issues. Following the hurricanes we heard, \"Now is not the time to discuss climate change policy. To do so would be disrespectful.\" Congress, NOW IS THE TIME!!!! For the love of God, please act to stop this craziness. It sickens me that proposed amendments to allow the sale of gun silencers have a better chance of passing Congress than common sense measures to protect Americans from victimization in mass shootings. My family has hunted deer, turkey, and ducks for generations and none of us are the least bit concerned that public policies aimed at protecting Americans from mass gun violence would adversely impact our ability to hunt or enjoy our sport. ", "Until someone walks into the senate and house and shoots them all nothing will happen. These elected officials forget we are electing them as servants for the people, not appointing them to lifelong jobs. I don't know how they sleep at night with all the abuse of power and pocket lining they do. ", "The mass-murderer had 23 weapons in the hotel suite. Is there a limit to creating a personal arsenal? And since machine guns are legal (which effectively is what a rapid fire rifle is) why not legalize rocket launchers and tanks as well? The nation is paranoid and is in the grip of a national mental health crisis. ", "Maybe Americans should stop pretending and just assume responsibility for all the gun violence - as arguably they should. Surely, you can't possibly want 300 million guns in circulation and not expect thousands of people to be killed by them every year. So whenever a mass shooting occurs, there should be celebration in the media instead of consternation: \"Congratulations America! Dozens of your citizens have again been killed by guns today, just as our permissive gun regulations allow. Let's be proud!\". Maybe we should even praise the manufacturers: \"Thank you Colt, thank you Smith & Wesson, your AR-15 rifles have killed 59 people today, serving their intended function to perfection. Great job!\" Perhaps if we just said things as they really are, then we could get people to reflect on the society they choose to have. ", "Congress doesn't have to be complicit.  Why were no attendees maimed or killed by guns at the 2016 GOP National Convention?  Guns were controlled because the lives inside the convention hall were deemed worth protecting.  Yet this kind of protection has become politically incorrect for civilians at large.  Congress needs to make protection for all as politically correct as it was allowed to become for those inside the convention hall.", "DAVID LEONHARDT urges us to not be intimidated to talk about GUN SAFETY now.  In the past decade I've come to the conclusion that \"gun safety\", like \"GOP values\", is a cruel oxymoron.  There is nothing safe about guns.  Let's have a real debate - my thesis is that the NRA is the most dangerous and effective terrorist group in the USA.  By extension, the GOP is also a terrorist organization since it enables the NRA.", "Gun manufacturers must continue to sell guns, even though there are already 300 million of them in the U.S. They pay for most of the lobbyists. How to end this?\nIf the right to bear arms must be maintained, then guns for hunting and for self defense can be protected, and the muskets that Stormcrowe mentions. Automatic weapons must be outlawed. They are for killing people, ONLY.", "Cars kill people, and we have rules governing their use. Why not guns? People do not need automatic weapons of war to protect themselves. \n\nBy the way, I'm a gun owner. I hope I never have to use it.", "Close down all gun shops.  Outlaw assault weapons. Demand a voluntary recall of assault weapons. \n\nNo one has guns in Australia except law enforcement and farmers.  They have no gun murders.\n\nWouldn't that be humane.", "Steve, thank you. Don't give up. Unlike most of us, you have a voice. I have no say on Staten Island, that outpost of the Old South, or on Long Island where such stalwarts of Christianity and  humanism, Peter King, hold sway. Carolyn McCarthy, one of Long Island's best, spent most of 18 years banging her head against the wall of the gun lobby. Who now counts the outrage on the LIRR among the mass killing incidents in America?\n\nWhen Trump said the killings in Las V were \"pure evil,\" I shuddered. It reminded me that one of Obama's imputed \"sins\" was in refusing to use some words that are equally vacuous, equally political, and equally useless in addressing any real problem. But words seem to count more than deeds. Gun sales have become one of the touchstones of personal \"freedom\" today, the rights of the one trumping the rights of the many. As Bill O'Reilly is reported to have said: \"the killings in L.V. are part of the price of American freedom.\" How can the Republic be salvaged when it is weighed down with such clap-trap?", "Why would anything change?  The pro-gun folks are fine with mass shootings.  These events just validate their sense that everyone needs a gun to defend themselves, all the time.  This is what freedom looks like, to them.", "My elected representatives are in favor of sensible legislation.  That's why I vote for them.  I don't see what else a regular citizen can do.  I vote.  \n\nMaybe Facebook and Reddit could cover this issue in a fair & balanced way, so that the younger generations would understand that we don't have to live like this.  Apparently, that's where most people get their news.  Thank you for your real reporting, NYTimes.", "I am voting with my wallet and my fear.  I used to go to a lot of concerts, maybe 10 or 15 a year.  Lots of them involved driving to a venue far from my home where I would get hotel and stay.  Probably like a lot of the people who went to see the music festival in Las Vegas.  \n\nForget it.  I am not taking a chance going to any sort of situation like that now.  I don't want to get shot.  Or see anyone else get shot.  So me and my money are staying home.\n\nMoney seems to be the only thing that gets anyone's attention in this country.  Let's all boycott entertainment events and see if we get any action from the people who really run this country.", "Gun ownership is simply a religion for many in this country. There is no way to rationally argue with them because it is not a rational belief. So, no nothing will change.", "Except for the last paragraph, I agree entirely with the Congressman's sentiments and share his frustration. But the ending, I suspect, misconstrues the difficulty of enacting even minimal sensible legislation: The gun lobby does not want you to forget; it wants you to keep the event salient. The tragedy spurred gun sales, partly in response to fears of congressional action, but owing also to the belief that, somehow, more guns would have diminished the killings or prevented them outright. There is no point in underestimating the effectiveness of these fear appeals.", "There's a fourth reason, a more fundamental one. As a nation, we have a wrong idea in our head about what makes a civil society. We are like an adolescent kid: self-centered, perpetually vicitimized, unaware that it takes yield and self-sacrifice to make something greater than chaos happen. We are all hopped up on a distorted view of individualism when what makes a civilization is cooperation and tolerance. Until we change the national narrative, we will continue to stockpile weapons. Until we grow up, essentially. Cooperation + Tolerance = Peace.", "I've read so many heartfelt outpourings of emotions here, pleading with our representatives to do something to stop this recurring carnage. A common suggestion is sensible gun laws. When I read that, my heart sink even further because I know as a FACT that our representative WILL NOT pass any sensible gun control legislation. People, you must open your eyes and realize that our politicians are bought and paid for by the highest campaign donors, and the NRA is one of the biggest donors. They do not, and will not, listen to you. Big donors, whether it's the oligarchs, corporations, or lobbies call the shots here. And yes, that metaphor was used as an intended pun.", "I'm ok with people owning automatic weapons, as long as we require that the ammunition be stored and used only at the gun range. ", " The Framers couldn't have imagined two hundred years of technological advancement.   \"...the right of the people to keep and bear Arms - including semi-automatic, automatic, silencers - and other killing efficiencies not anticipated\".", "\"I heard colleagues confide that any vote for gun safety would lower their N.R.A. scores, making them casualties in the next election.\"\n-- Too bad elected officials care only about being reelected, while not caring at all about anything else. This is the Fall of the American Empire, it is self-inflicted, it is well deserved. US is going down. ", "The first thing that should happen is that lobbying should be illegal. Nobody should be able to use their money to influence Congress. Congress is supposed to be responsible to We, the People. Not the Select few with big bucks.\n\nNext every Congressperson who has taken $$ from the NRA should be fired at the next election. The people who aren't rabid \"2nd Amendment freedom fighters\" must be as relentless as those who are, and get the laws changed. We are the only \"civilized\" country that allows pretty much unrestricted access to arms and munitions for the civilian population.  \n\nI don't know when this insanity happened; I don't remember this kind of relentless gun wars during my childhood in the 70s. The NRA changed America for the worse. ", "I am truly beginning to believe that this is not my country anymore. The powers that be continue to allow these killings to pass with condolences and prayers and promises for 'justice' ... until the next act of destruction. I have always believed that America was striving for a more perfect union - never making it and always with stumbling steps. I could accept that. But this day on top of all the terror of North Korea and the insanity of the focus on the NFL (yes, I do believe that the players have a right to use their platform to shine a light on the injustice of racial inequality in this country but the fixation and the bullying by the President was completely out of whack) - and the divisions that are being rendered are potentially destructive to our very nature  - I feel saddened and despondent and ashamed. \"We, the People...\" just doesn't hold true anymore.", "The American government seems to have very limited ability or want to actually make any meaningful change so nothing will change. Guns have become part of American culture. There is no happy ending here.", "Exactly right. Nothing will change. We'll have continue to have these occasional blockbuster mass-shooting TV news extravaganzas and then on to the next headline. America's gun culture is becoming more entrenched every year and the Second Ammendment seems dearer to the hearts of red state gun toters than the Ten Commandments.  Today Brian Williams on MSNBC interviewed a Las Vegas ex-cop whose daughter called him frantically from the concert as the shots were being fired, pleading for his advice on what she should do. After a harrowing few hours where he talked to her on the phone, raced over to the concert venue to look for her, and was finally reunited with her, he still proclaimed his belief in the Second Ammendment.  He owned multiple guns and believed in the right to bear arms--it was clear he wasn't going to give up his religion, though he did ruefully comment that something has to change. But not the gun laws. Just some mysterious thing that will make mass murder go away. If a man who feared losing his daughter to a crazed shooter doesn't change his mind about the gun laws, who will? I'm feel sure even if he'd lost her to a bullet, he would still stand up for gun ownership, maybe doubly strongly, because he would not want his faith eroded by reality.", "Horrifyingly there is a procedure that has been developed in recent years that sits on a shelf and is brought out at a time like this: the flags are lowered, the president makes the usual statement of sorrow, and the moments of silence are held.  The cable news shows and its pundits wring their hands and the gun lobby hands out more money to solidify its congressional stooges lest they indicate any movement against NRA.  And we go about our business.  ", "Firearms used in crime are overwhelmingly illegal.  Gun control advocates want to make more guns illegal. That seems unlikely to reduce gun crimes.  If you make silencers illegal, make assault weapons illegal and toughen up background checks, that isn't going to reduce gun crimes with illegal guns .What you need to do instead is to take guns off the market. which many support.  That means taking guns from sportsmen, hunters and women who carry then in their purses.  \n\nAbout 50 million Americans own guns. All of those guns can become illegal if taken in a burglary, otherwise stolen, or lost.  So all of these guns need to be eliminated to end mass shooting,s.   Is it worth it? \n\nConsider this.  11.7% of Americans are uninsured and will likely die early.  13% of Americans are poor and will likely die early.  13.3% of Americans are black and will likely die early.  There is no uproar about this.  By contrast, a tiny fraction of Americans die each year in mass shootings. --  far,far less than 1%.  Most mass shooting victims are white and middle class.  And they get aboatload of attention.  That could just be why a few thousand mass shooting deaths get far more attention than the millions upon millions of premature deaths. We grieve our own.", "A football player kneels to exercise his first amendment right and the President is up in arms.  He uses the incident to hilt to solidify his position in his base.  Scores of people die and injured and his office says this is not the time to politicize! Well, no outrage, no urgency from anyone in the Republican party to even to ponder about the incident.  Their last visible act, to give back rights to people with mental issues to own guns.  It seems, it is easy to think about limiting the first amendment, while holding the second amendment sacred because fear generates vote and voice for the second amendment brings money for a secure congressional seat. Our leadership is off of their rockers! Our democracy, like support for the second amendment, is now down to money and fear.  ", "Yes, Eric. I totally agree with you. We need a mass rally and put pressure on congress like never before. It's gone on too long. Too long.", "Depressing piece, Steve. Still, I just wrote to my congressman on gun control. If not moving anyone on the hill, at least your piece moved me to action.  ", "A few years ago a man(I can't recall his name) passed around Congress a pledge for members to sign where they swore to enact no new taxes. That I can tell it was very effective. Imagine a similar pledge to take no money from the NRA. It would gut the power the NRA has over members of Congress.", "Congressman Israel, I agree with what you write except for the last two paragraphs. How can we, the readers \u2013 how can we, the almost 66 million voters who gave Hillary Clinton the popular vote by almost 3 million votes \u2013 how can we, the majority of people in this country who want sensible gun control, who want the government out of our private lives and its hands off of our bodies (quite literally), who, rather, want government involved in truly public concerns, e.g. climate warming, education, universal healthcare, who believe in the founding principle of separation of church and state, who believe corporations are not persons, who believe facts and science matter, and who believe a free press is essential to the preservation of liberty \u2013 how can we, notwithstanding the fact that we ARE a majority, exert any influence on a Congress that has prostituted itself to a small cadre of obscenely rich (mostly white male) people, a Congress that has willingly and happily conspired with them to turn our democracy into a plutocracy? \n\nThere are two ways. One is armed revolution.  The other more peaceful way is true campaign finance reform.  Limit campaign financing to a flat ceiling per individual tax return. The ceiling must be low, say $1,000 max. No other sources. No tax benefit for contributing. No network offering free campaign spots. No contributions from religiously affiliated organizations. Just a pool of money funded by a limited ceiling contribution per individual tax return.", "We here in Canada have a constitution that does not guarantee the right to bear arms. We have one of the lowest rates of gun violence in the world. See the connection?", "I am from Australia, my country has much in common with the US, in particular a love of democracy, freedom, personal freedom and that the rights of the individual should not be subject to oppression by the State. Of those values which we do not share, the starkest is that we enjoy a universal consensus that weapons which provide the capacity for mass killing have no place in the hands of individual citizens. We arrived at this point after our own tragedy in 1996, in which dozens of innocent people were killed by a man armed with semi-automatic weapons. Following that our new elected conservative leader championed laws which banned ownership of such weapons for all but those who needed them, mostly farmers. Despite the propaganda you may read from your gun lobby these laws work (we have had no mass shootings since) and we remain as free a society now as we did then, if not more so. We also enjoy the freedom of walking our streets and attending public events without fear of slaughter. It is not our role as friends to tell you how you should govern your great country, but here is a good illustration of the difference between our circumstance and yours on this important issue. http://www.smh.com.au/world/heres-why-australia-will-never-understand-th...", "The author's realization that nothing will change regarding gun laws in the USA is rather late. I realized it over 25 years ago, and moved to Europe. I wanted to live in a place where I could be free of fear, and where my children would not have to pass through metal detectors at school and grow up with constant fear and wariness of strangers.\nFurthermore, I wanted to live under a government that actually takes seriously its duty to act on behalf of its citizens, rather than on behalf of large industries (e.g. gun manufacturing), corporations (e.g. Exxon Mobil), and megadoners (e.g. Koch brothers).", "If the majority of Americans support reasonable gun control then why do Americans support a majority of elected leaders who don't? This is perplexing.\nPerhaps the protests should follow the  money to its source - the companies that make the guns and the stores that sell them.", "Everyone who ever tunes into US news has heard of the NRA. That is just a given fact. You hear the gun lobby every time there is any whisper of legislative attempts to tweak the gun laws. Their response is always nothing short of pure uproar. \n\nWhere is the anti-gun lobby? Do they exist? Because the matter of fact is, nothing motivates a US congressman like the prospect of campaign donation or the threat of  low voter support. That is precisely what the NRA uses to motivate US congress from touching any kind of comprehensive gun reforms. \n\nUntil the American public decides that the very real possibility  of being shot dead at a church, a concert, a night club or a movie theater is too much, enough to actually mobilize a political movement, this will keep happening. The American public as a collective finds it okay to live with the possibility of being shot dead, in exchange for the pure unadulterated rights of the most sacred second amendment. \n\nThere needs to be an anti-gun lobby. That lobby needs to be armed with substantial finance and mobilization.  Tragedy does not translate into action, not when there is not enough will. \n\nThere was the formation of Sandy Hook Promise. However that alone has yet proven to be enough to form serious gun reform. ", "Sadly, nothing will change. The only thing we can do is vote with our feet and leave this failed system.  The last straw for me was Sandy Hook.  When zero gun regulation occurred after that tragedy my wife and I decided to take our family out of the US. I hope we can come back sometime in the future, but the way things are going I doubt it will happen.", "Watching the horror of what happened in Las Vegas seemed so far away from my small Vermont town until I learned yesterday that one of those killed, Sandra Casey, grew up down the road from where I live. My sympathies to her family.", "This was a good article- I feel helpless and wish there were something that would shake and wake up the Senate and Congress to the need to reign in the gun industry - Life will just go on until another one of these monsters mow another group of innocent people next time- I pray they don't come for my family- I can't help but wonder what Rep. Steve Scalise will have to say, if anything - ", "When American Politicians (especially Republicans) finally decide to act so as to protect its Citizens over and above the influence, desires and agenda of the NRA and gun industry...here are some sobering real positive outcomes that can be provided to citizens and a society when its Politicians put the needs and safety of its people first, even when it cost some of them their job.\n\nhttps://www.vox.com/2015/8/27/9212725/australia-buyback \n\nHere in Australia , we are safer, and do not even think of the consequences of guns or even think about or have the desire to need or have one to protect ourselves...because we are safe. \n\nAnd have and enjoy the freedom that not having to worry about being killed or threatened by guns gives us.\n\nBut if we want to own/buy a gun , we can. ", "NRA does not care about the Second Amendment and freedoms. They care about money. It is just that way for them to make money is to spread fear about loss of rights. \n\nAverage American is naive and gullible. This is the only country where people who would benefit most from Obamacare vote against it, where people believe that real estate billionaire will give middle-class tax breaks... \n\nIt is very simple - as long as you have money involved in politics through lobbying, you will never have a reasonable ban on objects that have only one purpose - to kill people as efficiently as possible. Guns this looser used are made for only one purpose, and it is not hunting wildlife. ", "Those on the right have complained about activist judges. The Federalist Society maintains that the US Constitution should be interpreted by divining what the writers meant, a static non-evolving document immutable to the effects of time. \n\nThe Second Amendment reads: \"A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the People to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.\" \n\nThe FS and activist judges have interpreted this to mean that the right to own guns is sacrosanct, but they betray all their lofty ideals when they go down that road.\n\n1) Read that again--where does it mention guns? Guns are actually a subset arms, a group of munition that in post-colonial times included canons and war ships, but did not include rifled, repeating or raid-fire weapons which had not yet been invented. An originalist should at the very least recognize that this passage cannot be limited to \"guns\" but either must include the vast array of \"arms\" we now posses or be limited to what was available at the time of writing. Indeed how could the Founding Fathers (and Mothers) imagined the vast array of arms we now have which includes nuclear chemical and biological devises, not to mention a vast array of smaller yet infinity more deadly arms available today.  Either you and I are legally allowed to have our own H-bomb, or these guys are not living up to their ideals\n(1/2)", "Congress is bought and sold by the lobbyists representing the NRA and all the other narrow-minded, short-sighted money grabbers.  I continue to hope our Government, our representatives will once again think about the citizens of our great nation instead of focusing on their re-election and private coffers.  Why do these people support rapid-fire guns/rifles?  The only reason for them is to kill people.  Hunters do not rapid-fire into the woods at a deer.", "Does any other Western Democracy even have a right to bear arms provision in their nation's Constitution?. Perhaps only in the Wild Western Democracy of the United States.\nIn any population, there will always be small number of the mentally unhinged. And  there are also a number of those whom are mostly sane, but given certain stimuli, they will become unhinged.\nThe answer is clear: people have to access to certain guns restricted.\nCongress will only act once sufficient numbers of voters have indicated that they had enough, and will start voting them out. In the meantime, they will take the donations, and avoid the electoral threats of the NRA.\nIn the meantime.........................", "\"I was confident that at the very least we\u2019d expand background checks or make it harder for people with mental illness to obtain guns.\" --&gt; I agree with this. Every person who has a weapon (make  a classification) should be report to Police Departement - and has certificate permission for its responsibility.\n\nBeside we blamed other people or organization, i think we should make a environment safety barrier by system. Remember this is not the first time Gun shot evidence (June 2016, Orlando)\n\nFor Weapon Buyer/ purchase  : should be pass MENTAL TEST by Psychologist, No criminal background, Fill ID record (finger print, photo) and should be annual updated, age Restricted\n\nFor Seller : Every weapon sales should be reported and fill the document (Weapon Serial Number, Buyer's ID, mental test certificate, No Criminal background certificate, ID Card, Photo)  from Police departement and connected automatically to Police dept. Server.\n\nAnd the weapon Owned Permission Certificate should be updated by repeat the tests every year, if not done - it means illegal weapon and can be confiscated by Police departement (the weapon). Notification for reminder is needed - sending e-mail as a warning.\n\nOnce again, it's not always Police or Government responsibility, but also every person/citizen's responsibility to report and being aware to suspicious condition.", "Mr. Israel has made a crucial point many times, that politics has become a business career, and politicians have to spend all their time raising money to keep in business. Business survival is the obvious bottom line for these careerists. Regrettable that that's the absolute immutable reality, they say. Best thing to do is put out more flags and pray in public. I say go after the money.", "It is not fundamentally Republican members of Congress or Republican state legislators who are to blame.  They are rational about how to get re-elected.  The blame lies with Republican voters. ", "\n\"I heard colleagues confide that any vote for gun safety would lower their N.R.A. scores, making them casualties in the next election.\"\n\nOnce again, the politicians elected are more concerned about staying in office  and taking care of themselves than doing what is best and right for their constituents.  \n\nI really thought attitudes would permanently shift and change towards gun control laws after the Sandy Hook murders, but no, just more hollow words and promises from elected officials.  It's as if the murders of those sweet angels were all in vain.  Not one thing has changed since then.\n\nAfter the numerous funerals have been performed and hand wringing subsides, the Vegas massacre will fall to the way side like all of the other previous horrific massacres. . .  until the next massacre.  It is moments like these in which some Americans are our own worst enemy.", "And what would you expect Congress to do?  These mass shootings have been occurring throughout history and they will continue to occur from time to time.\nAs the saying goes, \"This, too, shall pass\".", "Sadly, this is a new \"normal\"in our lives.  While we have to adjust, it is up to Congress to make changes.  Don't throw it back on the citizens.", "My first thoughts when hearing about this went beyond 'nothing will change'. My first thoughts were that someone out there is probably already trying to figure out how to top it. \n\nPeace be with us all.", "People of goodwill and commonsense expressing their anguish and frustration at the moral rot of the Republican Party is simply the flipside of the thoughts and prayers crowd. If all we do is write letters nothing will change. \n\nWe've got a minority faction running this country that is literally the most dangerous institution perhaps in the history of the world. Whether it is suppressing  voting, taking healthcare away from tens of millions, making killing with guns easier, or blocking action on climate change thus ensuring the death of billions of people let us all take our  rage and turn it into an all out effort to save our country and our planet by taking the House in 2018 and the presidency and Senate in 2020. \n\nSo I say it's time to stop getting mad and time to start getting even.", "While talking to my born-again sister today, she mentioned how horrific the shooting was. I agreed and expressed my disgust that it was made possible by the legal sale of military assault weapons like the weapon or weapons used in this attack. She started to spew the latest NRA trope--not the old \"people kill people\" nonsense, but the \"we need a good guy with a gun to stop a bad guy with a gun\" line. I didn't ask her where that was written in the Bible, but I wish I had. Nor did I try to point out how senseless her remark was in the context of this and other similar shootings. \n\nThis latest shooting and my conversation with my sister left me feeling utterly disconsolate about America and its future. ", "What we need to change first is the constant violence that is the focus of the entertainment industry this country promotes in video games, movies, and TV programs. We are exporting violence all over the world. Even American football is about violence. How come nobody complains about that?", "Since Congress is not listening, maybe people should send their letters and petitions directly to the power source - the NRA.  Who are these people? How   did they get so much influence over politicians?  What is their connection to the gun manufacturers?  Who makes the payoffs and to whom? ", "This is the tragedy that nothing will change until the lobbyists stop financing election campaign, or we stop voting for politician that are voting against our interests.\nThe second tragedy is that Americans don't even go vote , the electoral college has brought disillusion to citizens, 3 elections in the last 20 years were stolen from us , Bush & the Supreme Court did it twice , and last election winner had 3 millions votes less than the loser, how can we expect people to take part of the process ?", "\u201cWill anything change?\u201d... \u201cWhy not?\" you ask. \n\nI know why not: INERTIA. Complexity produces inertia. And where does the complexity come from? In this case, it comes from the interaction of the gun lobby, personal fear, corporate greed, group thinking, old laws, the media and the desire of certain politicians to remain in office. \n\nIf we explore the interaction among these (and other) elements first and we will see the problem more clearly. Then, from the perspective of the DYNAMICS, a more lasting and successful solution can be found.", " I too share the sadness of this senseless killing and the failure of our leaders to take nay action in the face of mounting gun deaths.  Does  a hunter need to shoot a rabbit with an AK-47 ? Congress will not act on responsible gun regulation but in fact they are considering a bill to weaken our existing gun laws backed by the NRA. It is called the Share  or Sportsmen Act and it just passed  the House Committee on strict party lines to help hunters. Some of its nasty provisions- remove all regulations ( fingerprints and a photograph and a special tax ) dating back to 1934 under the National Firearms Act on  silencers for guns so as not to hurt the hunters ears . The result will be that  law enforcement can't track gun shots- The law will  override state laws on concealed weapons so if a resident of AZ or another state with lax gun  laws allows a concealed weapon,  CA can't prohibit its carry in the state.   Please contact your Congress person to stop this blocking of what little protection  and regulation that we have.", "Eloquent and illuminating column. Among the gems: \"Anything less than total subservience to the gun lobby is viewed as supporting gun confiscation.\"\n\nI look forward to your forthcoming novel, regret your departure from Congress, and marvel at the hypocrisy of NRA-hugging politicians whose other litmus test is administered by right-wing evangelicals who claim to hold life sacred. ", "A moment of silence and a flag at half mast for *every* gun death. It might finally sink in.", "If every person, entity, corporation, organization was restricted to $250 maximum contribution to candidates for office at all levels\u2026\n\nAnd, if only the same maximum amount could be garnered to buy \"political speech\" (a billionaire could not dominate the airwaves)\u2026\n\nAlong, with other sensible reforms to our elections and lobbying and working for special interests after one's time in office\u2026\n\nThen, groups like the NRA would be defanged and their power over our politicians would be ended. \n\nThis would allow out democracy to function cleanly and sensibly.  Rational gun regulation - something responsible gun owners endorse - would be doable and we would not be going through this tragic ritual yet again, with its impotent grousing and non-stop cable coverage which has become like perverse entertainment. \n\nNo problem is beyond our control. \n\nBut, first we have to understand the root of the problem:\nPoliticians who have to turn off their brains in order to get campaign cash. \n\nA slate of reforms called \"We The People 250\" supported by tens of millions of Americans using their cell phones in unison to make these demands is the way we will take back power from the NRA and other interests that rule our nation- to our collective detriment. \n\nAre you interested in being powerful?\nOr are you satisfied with what is happening around us?", "And what about a Constitutional Convention? Maybe it is high time to address the issues that are toxic pollutants in our national life: guns and money in politics.", "\"I heard colleagues confide that any vote for gun safety would lower their N.R.A. scores, making them casualties in the next election.\"\n\nEverything is always about the next election, any positive possibility for change is always tainted, compromised, dismissed by being focused on the next election, blotting out the here and now and impeding progress and evolution and making mockery of integrity, courage, honesty, aspiration, a better way.\n\nI just got through watching the PBS series Vietnam and was heartsick to hear the recordings of presidents, senators, congress members and players \u2013  making decisions with the next election in mind NOT with the people who were being daily massacred and destroyed in mind.", "Commendable but inadequate.  Israel writes with genuine emotion and frustration about the NRA and the insanity of the gun rights coalition. Others comment on the Second Amendment, once again parsing the language to question its contemporary applicability.\n\nBut the deepest issue here is not about the right to bear arms, however much I and others would love to see a repeal of the Second Amendment or at least a different SCOTUS interpretation.  \n\nThe deeper issue is the unique American insistence on the right to use arms.  Owning is one thing - the attitude that leads to shooting other humans is another.   I'm a newspaper columnist, have written about gun control and had my life threatened.  I watch NRA fanatics at rallies with bandoleers and semi-automatic weapons, their fingers nearly twitching in anticipation.   We have parents telling kids to punch the other kid.  We have a violent football culture and a president who thinks we should be more brutal.   We have an incessant drone from the NRA and its supporters of our right to defend ourselves, even when there is little evidence of anything to defend against.  \n\nWe champion individual rights above social harmony and believe it is a virtue.   It is a disease.\n\nNo, our primary problem is not the proud declaration of the right to bear arms. It is the cultural insistence on the right to use them.", "More guns does not make America safer.  \n\nGun control represents sensible legislative oversight of the 2nd Amendment.  The 2nd Amendment is not an absolute right.  In 1934, Congress passed a law saying a citizen does not need a Thompson machine gun since crime using a Tommy gun was rampant.  Similar legislation is needed today but the NRA's monied lobbying controls too many in Congress.    \n\nA majority of Americans do not want machine guns, silencers or military assault rifles sold to citizens.  Gun shows have become the literal Wild West where anything and everything is for sale without any oversight.  \n\nA \"well-regulated\" (the exact wording) 2nd Amendment allows a shotgun for home defense, a bolt action rifle for hunting or a pistols.    \n\nSo listen to the NRA's response.  Listen to the talking heads on conservative media.  Then call your Congressional representative as you see fit.  \n\nFor me.  This is too much needless killing because access to deadly, high-volume weaponry is too easy to get.  \n\nAnd I haven't asked what happens with a terrorist bent on destruction with our lax laws considering what a 64 year old guy from Nevada just did.  ", "I take no exception to the premise offered by Mr. Israel with regard to how a special interest such as the NRA influences government agendas.  Why stop there?  One can not help notice that the same phenomenon occurs with  teachers unions, big tobacco, big pharma, AARP, the insurance lobby etc.  The list is long and broad.  Congress announces that they are working on a piece of legislation and an army of lobbyists descend upon them.  One could be forgiven from feeling as if lobbyists and special interests craft the laws themselves.  This is NOT party specific.  All politicians have to be elected and money makes that possible.  Seems like more money equals more influence and lobbyists and special interests seem to represent a lot of money.\nMass shootings perpetrated by people on people are just another indictment of our species.  I believe it is illegal to own a surface to air missile so there are restrictions of some kind.  No individuals, hunters included, need assault weapons to protect their home or score a deer.  Those weapons belong within the realm of the military or law enforcement.  The time to have understood that was when they first became available to the public, long ago.  That was  when responsible politicians with common sense who actually work for their constituency rather than just saying that they do, needed to shut this down.  But that did not happen and there are massive amounts of these weapons out there.  The horse has long since left the barn.    ", "All politicians and their donors all acknowledge  the need for gun control and protection from the risks of random gun violence.  Government offices, corporate environments, politicians and their families, all are kept secure, gun free, zones.  The taxpayers spend lots of money enforcing strict gun control in politicians' orbits.  The only folks required to stand and wait as fodder for the next bullet spray are citizens and their children.  Anti-gun control representatives are not anti-gun control.  They are merely selective as to the expendable victims. ", "It seems that the power brokers of America have decided that this is the way we are going to live. And most voters don't connect the dots about choices that would make their lives better.", "I would like to see a group of NRA members with some money in their pocket split off and form a responsible firearms group that would support reasonable gun safety and gun laws. \n\nThere is no reason that hunters should be dragging their heels over the ownership of weapons of mass death and destruction like AR15s. Hunters are the ones who should be championing gun safety and reasonable gun laws. None of this makes actual sense. Reasonable gun laws are not a threat to the 2nd amendment. It is all a phony argument and a distortion of the truth. ", "Somewhere in the history of the shooter is a deadly disconnect, a disconnect that exists in government and the bulk of the country... the destruction of human values driven by money.  ", "Access to guns is easy. There are 300 million in the U.S. The phenomenon is uniquely American We've reached the point of no return. Gun deaths will continue to mount. There will be more mass killings.", "Here's a thought. Let's turn this into a Pro-Life argument. That will get the GOP's attention.\n\nSemi-automatic weapons and gun silencers are not Pro-Life.\n\nLet's start there and perhaps it will pave the way for other conversations. Maybe. I still have a shred of hope that we can be sensible.", "The US Congress should ban all automatic and semi-automatic weapons and paraphernalia. \n\nThe Las Vegas shooting has demonstrated that these weapons and paraphernalia have demonstrated that the right of personal safety, as protected by our centuries-old governmental power to protect public safety, cannot be ensured by simply arming everyone.\n\nThese weapons, in the hands of a single person, constitute a net loss of personal safety for everyone.  The 2d Amendment does not offer any bar to banning this class of weaponry.  ", "Here's one thing we can all do: As we debate the response to this tragedy (and the ones to come), never let anyone get away with quoting only the second half of the second amendment. Call them on it. If they're going to wave it in our faces, they MUST be made to acknowledge the entire amendment, which is only one sentence after all.\n\n\"A well-regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free State.....\"   How can \"well-regulated\" be construed to mean \"may not be regulated\"?", "Sounds like the majority of Congressmen won't speak out about gun control for fear of losing the next election. How about a one term only amendment? Maybe the right things will get done in DC. They can always run again on alternate races.", "\"A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state the right of the people to keep and bare arms shall not be infringed.\"  2nd amendment of the Constitution.\n1. Amazing that the congress is not able to \"regulate\" gun control when the second amendment says \"well regulated\".\n2. Militia is a group of people not a single entity.\n3. Security of a free state.  Is our security being enforced when individuals are allowed to kill others?\nTherefore, the constitution and the second amendment actually DO say something positive about \"regulation\" and \"militia\" and \"security.\"  People have the right to expect \"regulation, and security and limiting especially semi automatic weapons to the \"militia.\"\nSo Congress and the President do what you need to do to \"regulate the militia (a group of people)\" and provide security to the masses.\nThat's actually what the second amendment says.", "The vast majority of Americans want more sensible gun control. The majority of our members of Congress vote against even the most timid measures to bring about \u201cgun sanity\u201d because a bad rating by the NRA would ruin their chances for relection. They will never act except in their own best interests. Why do we bother calling ourselves a democracy- we are anything but.", "Our Founding Fathers were a lot smarter than we are. They wrote a law that gave Americans the right to a pistol or a musket. Single shot weapons of individual destruction. How is it that semi-automatic weapons and automatic weapons of mass destruction deserve the same treatment? We don't deserve the Second Amendment.  ", "With an estimated 300+ million guns in the US anything that outlaws, buys back, confiscates guns is not possible.  There may be another way:  Outlaw ammunition, convert guns into expensive bricks.  \n\nSpecifically:  Outlaw the manufacture, sale, importing of all forms of ammunition, and all supplies, ingredients & tools used in reloading ammunition.  Do this by decree, it will be challenged in court, but it will take about a decade for a final resolution.  In that time the wisdom of this action will become self evident.\n\nThere is no need to go after individuals to enforce the law, go after the businesses, gun shops, sporting goods stores, shooting ranges, chemical companies, etc.  Slap them with huge monetary (as in it will put you out of business) penalties for violating the law.  In a couple of years the problems will begin solving itself as existing stockpiles of ammunition are exhausted. \n\nThis will not solve our violence problem, but it will make it less lethal, and that is a good first step.  To solve our violence problem we do not need a political revolution, we need a spiritual revolution.  We need a spirit in the US where it is unthinkable to solve problems with violence.  When that happens gun laws will not be needed.  In fact a whole lot of laws will not be needed, because we will no longer be children.", "As we speak legislation is proposed in congress to legalize silencers for semi-automatic and automatic weapons, and facilitate the movements of guns across States.  \n\nIt is well past time to call any legislator who does not support stringent gun control laws for what they are: criminals.", "Congressman Israel is sadly, correct. Nothing will happen as a result of almost 600 people getting killed or injured. I can remember a time when Congress responded to the will of the people, but on guns the will of the majority is completely blocked. Republicans and the right often take a \"state's rights\" position on legislation they want to destroy, but they won't do it on guns. That wouldn't be a perfect solution, killers could still smuggle guns in, but at least California or New York could work to protect ourselves.\n\nTo whose say focus on everyday violence, I say there's no sign that gun wavers care about people killed in cities like Baltimore or Chicago. And real limits on guns would help with ongoing violence as well.\n\nI feel like our country has gone crazy.", "If they are doing nothing about Trump, you know they will do nothing about guns.\n\nThat they never have done nothing about guns should have prepared for us the fact that they would nothing about Trump. Hopes to the contrary were, in retrospect, silly.\n\nThis country has fallen and it can't get up.", "Nothing will change because too much money is being made on the current system.  That's really what it is about.", "The failure of Congress to act is an outright abdication of its sworn Constitutional obligation to ensure domestic tranquility, as the preamble requires. Members of Congress, especially those supported by the NRA, who have not advocated for stringent gun control in the face of these relentless massacres are complicit in mass murder. \n\nLikewise, Congress has refused to pass laws, and has even overturned laws, pertaining to reasonable gun control that are \"most wholesome and necessary for the public good.\" That language comes from the Declaration of Independence, where the Founding Fathers declared that such a government was illegitimate, null, and void.\n\nWhat then do we do with a Republican Congress and president that act as though infected with the madness of King George -- wallowing in the largesse of their courtiers, remote, indifferent, detached, and even purposefully destructive of the pressing needs of the people on issue after issue?\n\nThe righteous anger and will of true patriots needs to resound at the ballot box next year. This is tyranny, and it must not stand or this republic will fall. We continue to be in grave danger from our own government.", "Seems like money in politics is the real problem. If the NRA could not make a political contribution, where would they be? We need to stop corporate money as speech, where more money equals a bigger voice. Limit all contributions to those that vote.", "I received this this morning from a friend and former law enforcement officer in Belfast, Northern Ireland. \n\n\"My point is-this is how the law stands in NI. This little place is awash with illegal guns and there is not a chance the powers that be will ever get hold of all of them.\nThis is why i feel its too late for a change in the US gun laws to have any noticable effect.\"\n\nI can not think of a single reason to disagree with him.", "Am I right that the NRA argues that the problem isn't some bad guy with a gun so much as it is the fact that for broader safety we need more good guys to be weaponized? And by that sort of reason all those folks at the concert needed to be armed with automatic weapons to better ensure their safety? Only in America.", "It is clear to me that your Republicans could care less about their electorate. They deny them good health care access. They give the tax cuts to the rich, rather than to the starving/struggling middle class.  If they can't wash away the middle class with those policies, they give them assault weapons so those not killed by opioid overdose can knock off their peers. \n\nTrump's American - make it more lethal again.", "The only way to get the Congress to act in the people's best interest rather than their own is to enact term limits. ", "First, a national referendum on guns: do we want so many guns, can we outlaw some guns, can we regulate the rest?\nSecond, congress must visit the 2nd Amendment, amend it to be clearly worded, and everyone knows what it means.  It is likely to pass muster with the states.\nThird, sensible gun control.  Not about taking guns away from legitimate owners, but passing pertinent restrictions on their use (like prohibiting 'carry', open or concealed).", "Call as many people in Congress as you can and encourage others to do the same.  \n\nThe comments section is a poor substitute for action, though it may often seem like is gives some much-needed solace.\n\nIt's more effective to call them up and tell them how you feel.  Repeatedly.", "As I am quite old I am also deaf and I assume that is the reason that I have not heard the president's outraged voice calling for legislation from the congress to do its duty to protect We the  People.", "Great piece and great end.  It is true that I am part of the problem.  But why don't you suggest what we can collectively do help the issue?", "It's not the gun lobby or the NRA that has made me indifferent, it's many of my fellow Americans who are adamant about unfettered gun ownership, regardless of the collateral damage.  Or those that are uncomfortable about the prevalence of guns but won't let that get in the way of voting into office pro gun politicians simply because they are Republicans.   You can lobby against the gun lobby but it's futile dealing with many of Americans who will never change their minds about guns.", "The \"moment of silence\" we are about to witness will be from congress, and it will be much longer than a moment!", "I'm struggling to understand how Republicans (or anyone)  can support unobstructed rights for US citizens to have unfettered access to military grade weapons on the one hand - while North Korea should not be allowed to possess nuclear weapons on the other. Clearly, neither is a desirable situation - but Americans have killed more of their fellow Americans with guns than North Korea ever has. The US suffered 37,000 deaths in the Korean war, (1950 -1953) but between 1968 and 2011 alone, there were over 1.4 million domestic firearm deaths in the USA. The leap in logic escapes me.  That North Korea should NOT have nuclear weapons is a given - it is also a given that all Americans who are neither in law-enforcement nor the military, should be allowed unfettered access to firearms - especially military grade weapons which have but one purpose: To kill. ", "It is the fault of the American public for not forcing the Senate, Congress and Trump to immediately develop and sign federal legislation banning the sale of machine guns and their bullets to anyone except the police and the military.\n\n95+% of Americans strongly believe that the only people in America who should own machine guns are the police and the military since the police and military are the only folks with a good reason to own a machine gun. \n\nYet 95+% of Americans don't want to stop their routines for one iota of one second in order to force immediate federal legislation banning the sale of machine guns and their bullets to anyone except the police and the military.\n\nIt is not the Senate, not Congress and not Trump who are at fault. It is our fault.", "I have reached a state of apathy where mass shootings are concerned. Or any shooting for that matter. Knowing that there is no avenue to address mass murder via guns makes it very difficult to bother with outrage. Whats the point? Nothing will change. We are not even allowed any substantive talk about reforming gun laws. I still do not understand why we must endure such horrific travesty when we absolutely have the means to diminish the possibilities. What we are lacking in this country is the will to value life over guns, money and power. I do feel for all the innocents who died or were injured at the hands of the gun toting nut. Unfortunately thanks to a very powerful gun lobby their deaths are all in vain.  ", "I won't flip to another channel or click another link.  After I work a full day, tonight I am attending two events, one to call on my member of Congress to resist the silencer bill (she won't, but I have to try), and one to ask questions about background check legislation of the candidates at a forum in my town, along with other members of Moms Demand Action, a gun sense group. \n\nAfter Sandy Hook, I have no hope we will get meaningful gun legislation in my lifetime, which I hope will be another 25 years or so. If children can be slaughtered and the NRA can go right on being accomplices, and Congress will not act,  there is no hope. But I will keep trying.   ", "Actually, congress has done a lot.  It has protected gun manufacturers from product liability laws.  It has banned the CDC from studying gun violence (soon to prevent the release of the statistics themselves?).  It allows registered terrorists to buy any gun available.  It will allow the sale of silencers so we're free to mass murder quietly and thus more effectively.  It will not allow the option to buy 'smart guns' that only owners can easily shoot.  There is no national gun sale regulations (Remember those strange words, \"well regulated\"?), so communities that do enact sane laws are swamped by illegal guns.\n\nBecause: freedom, right?  C'mon, guys.   O.k., more than one mass shooting per day -- but most of them aren't really that big a deal, like only a half-dozen victims -- that's a small price to pay for our precious freedoms, right?\n\nI know, I know, \"Life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness\" and all that.  But life and liberty are for the living, so let's just put this tragic incident on the shelf where it belongs, and close the closet door so the NRA, gun manufacturers and craven congress can pursue THEIR happiness.", "We have to publicly print and post the names and addresses of every American that owns handguns and any gun capable of being equipped with automatic firing power. We have to help police by letting them (and us)  know the name and location of anyone with a gun designed only for killing people. Target shooters can keep their handguns guns locked up at target ranges or join the public list of potential killers in our midst. Hunters can prove their guns are only for hunting game, not people.\n\nNewspapers, websites, schools, libraries, movie theaters, restaurants and all other places where the public gathers must post the names and addresses.  If gun owners with arsenals are so proud of their guns, they can't protest this. The NRA can't protest, either, because they'll have a ready list of names and addresses of folks who traffic in people-killing weapons. \n\nSuch policies sure would have helped the Las Vegas hotel if they had checked his name against the list and notified police that their guest was the owner of an arsenal and was trying to check in with a big pile of luggage capable of holding multiple guns.  \n\nOh, and make it a law that Wall Street not trade in gun manufacturer stocks for five days after every mass killing. Period. ", "The solution of this problem is not that complicated.\nWe the people should demand to solve this issue by calling for a national referendum.\n Let the people vote on it and then we will end this madness.", "The price of freedom ... says O'Reilly.\nNo,  this is the consequence of absolutist interpretation, unmoderated by intelligence. We have rights, many of them unenumerated (see the ninth), and we are many. There has to be a balance between your right to A and my right to B, and the Constitution provided for us a system of government through which to find that balance; otherwise we live under the tyranny of one document. The late Justice Scalia wrote that the right to bare arms, like other rights, is limited: it is time for government to review those limits, to balance our rights so that we are not subjugated by one.", "Sorry, but I will not accept responsibility for enabling gun violence, as you charge in your penultimate paragraph. For the past 35 years, I have tried to vote for the most progressive candidate on the ballot, in hopes that gun control would be part of her or his agenda, but since Dave McCurdy retired in 1995, the 4th district has been represented by conservative Republicans, first J C Watts, and now Tom Cole. But in truth, it didn\u2019t matter: Democrats in this part of the country regard the 2nd amendment as only slightly less hallowed than the Ten Commandments. There just aren\u2019t enough voters like me to push back against this scourge of gun worship. ", "All of the talk about how after so many mass shootings it should be obvious by now that there is a need for laws that limit the availability of assault rifles is based on being oblivious to the mindset of the majority of the American legislature on this issue.\nAnd that is that the issue of whether assault rifles along with 30 round magazines should be available, is for tens of millions of Americans something that is non negotiable. And so the mass deaths that result because of this policy are simply the price the American people are willing to pay.\nAnd the fact is that there are many other things that we accept that should be available to all despite the fact that the availability of these things cost the lives of hundreds of Americans every year.\nA simple example of this is the general availability of pickup trucks. When pickup trucks collide with cars, as opposed to cars colliding with other cars, the fatality rate of those in the cars are 50% greater. A recent North American research has shown that replacing light trucks with cars of the same mass would save more than 1,000 lives a year. http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0386111214601072\n\nAnd so we as a society accept that the price of over 1000 extra deaths is a valid and worth it price so that the public shall be able to drive pickup trucks.\nAnd this is but a single example of how we accept hundreds of deaths as the price for having certain things that we want available to us.", "Well here we have yet another example of American Exceptionalism. \n\nNo other, nominally civilized, country on earth has this level of gun violence. The Swiss have a well-regulated Militia with lots of machine guns at home and a trifling amount of gun violence. What's the difference? Obviously, Americans can't be trusted with guns.", "When does the process of disgust, astoundment and disillusionment turn into action? How long can our reasoned majority witness a legal protection racket called the NRA, while it extorts cowardly politicians from passing effective legislation and destroys the fabric of our society? How long does it take for us to stop accepting a nation arming kindergarten teachers instead of confronting and taking down a lobby whose intent is to sell, unregulated, military weapons, silencers and unregulated magazines?   I am so sorry for all the folks now maimed, orphaned or widowed, but how do we harness that outrage into action?  There needs to be blunt confrontation with the shills on Fox, the Rush of Windbags, and mass protests aside NRA rallies. We must collectively vote out pols who purport that \"nothings to be done\" because there's already too many guns (see Australia) or decry that the 2nd amendment of a country armed with muskets supercedes common sense and established science. (The latter that has been allowed to date!) ", "My question is very basic, and may indicate my lack of understanding of Congress, Politics and the Law? Why didn't Obama try and force some type of Gun Control (before Healthcare). There is no doubt in mind, even going back 30 years a vast majority of Americans would back gun control (ie do we really need semi-automatic rifles).  Yes, there may be a loss of political capital for a day, but after one month it truely effects very few people (effectively a non-issue).\n\nWhy did Obama, Pelosi et al start with Healthcare? A defisive issue that they knew they could not fix completely and knew full well, there would be huge backlash in the short, medium and long term.\n\nWhy didn't Obama ram-rod gun control through?", "The 2nd Amendment starts with the phrase: \"A well regulated Militia...\" \n\nWhen are we as a society going to focus on that phrase, instead of exploiting the awkward syntax of the entire amendment so as to provide weapons manufacturers with as unregulated a marketplace as possible for their products?", "Nope, not buying the final point that it\u2019s \u2018us\u2019, the public that is to blame.  Although it might make members of Congress feel better to make that claim.  It is elected officials without the guts to take a decisive stand against gun extremists.  Australia did it and so can we.  It just takes some guts, resolve, leadership and a willingness to withstand whatever the NRA throws back.  It has nothing to do with depriving hunters of guns.  We all know this.  ", "Remember this.  Remember this when its time to vote and then vote in all elections.  This is the reason why we vote, so if you find yourself thinking maybe the candidate isn't charming, or the campaign isn't exciting, think it through and remember this as reason enough.", "United States is one of the most ridiculous countries in the world in terms of guns. Why do these most powerful weapons are allowed in the market for the civilian use?  Hunting the deer for the mass killing?  The most likely targets will be on human in the mass with these automatic weapons. This country is so polarized on the gun policy to allow the mass killing. Are the rocket is allowed for the hunting? The politicians in congress, in particular republicans should really think for the safety of american people. Put the gun controls, especially the mass killing weapon of destruction out of the civilian's hands. ", "While the Constitution may support individuals' right to bear arms, it is silent about ammunition.  There is no Constitutional right to ammunition so why not tax the devil of it to discourage purchase and use.  Follow the tobacco tax model. ", "We move on because like me, I have contacted by COP Congressman in the past demanding action and I get a canned letter back stating he is a strict supporter of the 2nd Amendment, blah, blah, blah.  My district is reliably GOP.  I'm not exactly sure what I am supposed to do.  Until some of my GOP supporting fellow citizens demand change, indeed nothing will happen.  Yes, I feel sad about today's events, but no longer surprised.  Our society has determined that we are willing to accept gun deaths at an alarming rate as a price for unlimited gun ownership.  Politicians are all about getting re-elected.  Until those electing them tell them they want change or they will lose power, we will continue to endure the level of gun violence we see today.", "Yes, we will go through the litany: moments of silence, thoughts and prayers, npw is not the time for a political debate, and nothing will be done. But we should have known that already when people on watch lists can obtain arsenals of weapons, when babies are slaughtered in their classrooms. and where anybody can obtain any kind of gun under some misguided reading of the Second Amendment initiated and perpetuated by conservative SC justices in thrall to the NRA and its powerful lobby.  What kind of country have we become?  Who are we? What darkness lives in America that prizes owning a killing machine over the rights of fellow citizens to live safely without fear?  I am heartsick and hopeless about our future as a civilized nation.", "I sometimes wonder why mass shootings make the news in America when they are a daily occurrence.  So often the argument against gun control is that it won't work - really?  Yet it works in every other developed country.  Being able to walk into a hotel room with 17 automatic rifles, plus ammo is just nuts.  Being able to own automatic rifles is nuts.  And as has been proven over and over again, gun ownership does not provide self defence.  In not one of these shootings that we read about has anyone pulled out a gun and returned fire. ", "This event is as much \"news\" as learning that a terminally ill cancer patient has just died.  It's totally inevitable and totally expected.  We can all start preparing for the next one, no doubt just a few months down the road.  So let's stop saying how \"shocked\" we are- what would be really shocking is if there weren't a mass shooting in the next year or so.  The real \"news\" is that another thousand or so Americans spent the day legally stockpiling personal  weapons that would rival a small country's largest armory.  \n\nThe truth is that our society has made a compromise.  We are quite willing to have nearly 700 dead and wounded in exchange for having unfettered access to guns, something that makes a lot people feel better and safer.  So why don't we just admit it and start inuring ourselves to the inevitable next mass shooting.", "No civilian needs a semi-automatic rifle or shotgun, period. Hand guns are a bit more problematic in that most users aren\u2019t accurate shooters so they need semi-auto to ensure at least one round hits the intended target \u2014 but there would have to be limits on clip size \u2014 perhaps 6 rounds? Beyond that, it isn\u2019t self defense but an offensive system and unsuitable for civilian use. It\u2019s tien that gun ownership return to what it is supposed to be \u2014 single shot sport shooting/hunting and self defense with limited capacity clips.", "A dear friend of mine surprised me a number of years ago, toward the end of his life, by telling me that he had been a member of the NRA board in the 1950s, not long after he returned from Korea. He then continued, \"In those days the NRA was not like it is now, it was an organization one of whose primary interests was hunting, but there was a little bit of politics on the side. Now it is an organization that is all about politics while hunting and the recreational use of guns is far less important.\" By the time he told me this he had long since let his membership lapse. I can almost feel the NRA cranking its political might up to defend a position that is neither humane nor rationally untenable, and would, no doubt, have been far, far away from what the Founders intended in the Constitution. ", "I suppose _one_ thing will have been changed by this particular mass shooting: the value of the land it happened on. Another of the endless circular rituals of these mass shootings which wasn't mentioned here is memorializing the spot it happens in, which will surely happen in this case.\n\nSupposed \"prime land\" or not, The Las Vegas Sun ran an article in August 2016 discussing the holdout sale price of the abandoned White Sands Motel (immediately backing the stage and the area the audience gathered on for the concert). 13 months ago, they were hoping to get $25,000,000 for it. I suspect its value has just dropped to 'We as the City of Las Vegas will bulldoze the property, create a memorial park, and you'll be happy we made the offer to bulldoze it for free rather than charge you for it.'\n\nAnother day with another mass shooting in America.", "\"Nothing Will Change After the Las Vegas Shooting.\" Ah, don't be so pessimistic. I'm willing to wager that the number of Open Carry States will increase significantly. ", "Oh, we won't forget.  But argue for more gun control when that is not even remotely politically possible?  Yes, we should.  But at a time when women's rights, the environment, LGBT rights, financial regulations, the faintest hope for economic equality, Black lives, the right to vote, and so much more is under threat and we are rolling back progress we've made, it's hard to put too much effort or political capital into this one.  Republicans need to fix their, um, stuff; we need to undo the effect of decades of gerrymandering; we need to have a political system that supports voting rights so the actual voice of the people can be heard.  We need to figure out how much Russian interference there was into the election and prevent it from happening again.  What would you have us do?  I live in Texas.  My senators are Ted Cruz and John Cornyn.  They sure aren't going to listen to me.", "If gun restrictions didn't happen after the shooting in the CT elementary school, and with the active support of an eloquent chief executive, it will never happen.  ", "I live in Connecticut. It's a small state and everyone I know either knew someone who was affected by the horrific shooting at Sandy Hook or was one degree of separation away. I will never be numb to this. Common sense gun laws are all we ask. Reasonable limits similar to ones we use in many other parts of our lives. This is no different than health care and other issues that do not have to be divisive but become that way because politicians make it so. Then they tell their constituents that they can have their cake and eat it too and that any compromise is capitulation. Everything is all or nothing-- if you let them have background checks or keep guns out of the hands of those who are mentally ill, they will not stop until they come for your guns. No Republican will put country before party and address this. The change will only come when a Republican like Mr. Scalise comes out and says enough. He now has the standing to stand up to the NRA. Will he? Will any member of the GOP join him?", "Lack of gun control is ridiculous. However, why should we expect anything to be done? In excess of 35,000 people are killed annually in motor vehicle accidents. many of them impaired by alcohol, drugs, texting, etc. Yet there is never any outcry. And nothing ever gets done. Mothers Against Drunk Driving has had little impact. The reality is that no none cares.", "I teach college; a German exchange student said that last year the entire police in Germany fired 8 bullets. Incredulous, I asked how. He said as a result of WWII, they have an aversion to resorting to violence and train the police to de-escalate. We could lower gun deaths easily; most Western democracies don't allow the guns we do. I can recall few terrorists stoped by a US armed citizen, and that's why the police are armed.\n\nIt can be done and well.\n\nIt will not be done. We have an affinity for violence: it's what it means to be an American.", "Extremely well-written article. In summary, we need assault-weapon control and other commonsense measures. Now.", "I just  learned my congressman, John Faso, is offering legislation authorizing silencers on weapons and favoring reciprocity for concealed carry of weapons in states without that law.  Thank you John Faso, for adding yet another outrage to your dossier.  We, in district 19, will continue to protest against you and try to vote in a sane representative in 2020.  Think it's time for some kneeling across the country in favor of the right gun laws.  How come someone can buy multiple weapons.  I guess we don't have cross reference for a limit on purchases.  ", "Isn't the mental state of insecurity and paranoia what drives a man into acquiring guns? The bigger the feeling of insecurity and paranoia the bigger the firearms he buys? BTW isn't it always men who shoot to kill innocent people, not women? \n\nThe ever increasing death toll of innocent people's lives by mass shootings like this will exacerbate that feeling of insecurity and paranoia which in turn will compel mentally vulnerable men like Stephen Paddock to acquire more arsenal with more firepower.\n\nWe're in this vicious cycle which no politician can stop because it leads to ever more guns sales. In the name of freedom we as a nation put profits over lives of people.", "Time for John McCain to step up and be a true maverick. Only a Republican can turn the tide. Democrats are powerless to pass the radical laws we need to change things, and gerrymandering precludes Democrats from getting the majorities needed to enact change. If McCain turns, maybe the dominoes will start to fall.", "Few will say it but what is happening is that we are in the age of 'Media Suicide' It used to be suicide was a private matter and rarely discussed. Warhol warned us that in the future everyone will be famous for 15 minutes. Public suicide is the quickest way to that 15 minutes. Mass murder guarantees a place in the history books or at least some video that can be saved for generations.\nThis terrible slaughter Las Vegas a place with weekend gun shows provides a template on how to become famous. There will be so many more slaughters and eventually hardly anyone will take notice. Outlawing guns is an emotional comfort but the real issue is attitudes and a human instinct for violence. In England guns are hard to get so there's stabbings and acid attacks. ", "I am sorry to agree with the writer.  I came to the realization or, at least the belief, after the murders of children and their teachers in Newtown, CT, that meaningful gun control is a political impossibility in this country.  The price of Congress' cowardice, and the moral laxity of the US electorate, will be paid again and again.", "So just suppose that a gunman broke into the Senate gallery and murdered half the Senators and wounded the rest.  The total response from the House of Representatives would be a minute of silence and then back to the business of cutting taxes for the wealthy.\n\nMy only disagreement with this piece is that there are not 3, but just one problem.  Americans just don't care about gun violence.  If they cared, they would do something and insist that their representatives do something.  It just isn't an issue until a family member gets shot.  All they get is their moment of silence and condolences from the local mayor.  Then they are really puzzled why that grisly occurrence is forgotten by the rest of the country after about a week. ", "Regulation of guns will continue to be a struggle in the US Supreme Court with Trump's successful nomination of Neil Gorsuch.  Gorsuch has already demonstrated his interest in reviewing a lower court case (Peruta vs. California) which held that reasonable gun regulations are not a violation of the Constitution.", "After several awful mass shootings, Australia introduced sensible gun control laws in the 1990s. Farmers, hunters, sports shooters are all still able to own guns. But a few sensible limitations were placed on gun ownership, including the need to have police checks, secure storage and no automatic weapons. Easy!\n\nRemarkably, we haven't had a mass slaughter from guns since. Gun related murders, suicides and accidents have all fallen by as much as 60 percent. Thousands of innocent lives have been saved and family tragedies averted.\n\nWhy don't you simply follow our lead. Oh yes, I forgot. The United States is missing one key ingredient - politicians with the guts to do what is right!", "As an avid reader of the NYTin Australia - it feels like the only thing that will shock Americans is if action is actually taken. It saddens me that the nation that the world has turned to for a generation or more is so blind to it's own achilles heel.  This was always going to happen - which pains me to say - the only shocking outcome of this will be if you follow in the footsteps of Australia - at some point morality and what is right has to outweigh the financial power of your NRA.  The day you become aware of the grey and the nuance in the argument is the day this will resolve itself.  Changes to gun laws does not mean the end of the second amendment -it is abut America finally understanding that it is not the 1800s anymore and that you have finally grown up.  From an outsiders perspective this is horrifying to watch - we have banned civilian access to the guns that caused your damage and we still are are a highly functioning society", "There is a reason why poll after poll holds congress in such low esteem.\n\nHopefully, at the very least, responsible newspapers, when covering candidates in primary or general elections, will specify their position on gun control.\n\nThis, as much as foreign policy and healthcare, is a bread and butter issue.", "Former Congressman Israel's op-ed highlights the major issue behind the lack of gun regulation in the U.S. - campaign funding sources. The NRA exercises outsize control of this agenda item (even though only 2% of the adult U.S. population belongs to it). The Citizens United decision only exacerbated the situation.\nNo one should be able to purchase, own, or modify the kinds of assault weapons used in Las Vegas and numerous other massacres. Passing such legislation should be easy, but it won't happen until the majority of us inform ourselves about the sources of a candidates' campaign funding, and vote them out of office.\nOn another note, it is incomprehensible that this mass murderer was able to bring 23+ such weapons to his hotel room. Why can't hotels require that registrants pass through a metal detector, as millions of us do when entering an airport? Carrying such weapons would not mean automatic confiscation (depending on State and local laws), but it would at least alert management and security staff of the identity of the guest - and to inform local authorities of his/her presence if needed.\nMost of us are completely fed up with political \"moments of silence,\" disingenuous statements of sympathy for the victims, & decrying the lack of mental health services.  Only meaningful legislative action about gun ownership - not simply limited to improved background checks but also extended to the types of weapons sanctioned for purchase and use. Any less is not acceptable!", " If you sane want gun laws this country, you're going to have to change Congress and the Supreme Court. I don't know how we do that, because our system is broken. I am a gun owner who believes that guns are too cheap and too easily acquired by the wrong people .", "This tragedy occurred in Nevada, which has very lax gun laws by comparison to other states. \n\nA quick review of these reader comments and others elsewhere does not reveal an outcry for change in gun law among Nevada voters.  \n\nPerhaps a drop in tourism and convention attendance in Nevada would result in a change in the gun laws there.  This proved an effective strategy by business and sports in connection with other culture issues, most recently laws that discriminated against LGTB citizens.  ", "Maybe, just maybe this will mean a delay in the enactment of a bill currently before congress that would legalese the sale and possession of silencers without a permit. We need to accept even the smallest victories in this swirl of insanity.", "It is simple - Either Congress addresses the problem of Gun Control AND President Trump or they should resign. For sure, I will not vote for anyone of any party who is not going to do something in these areas!  My vote counts. DJM", "Equating a fully automatic assault rifle with with a flint lock is like equating Clostridium difficile with Lactobacillus acidophilus. The latter 2 are both bacteria that inhabit the gut, one of which is fatal when it gets out of hand. ", "The question that usually surfaces at times like this is how did one individual manage, without any suspicion, to amass an arsenal that included explosives, automatic weapons, and conventional weapons which could have equipped a small army? Clearly this atrocity was something that was planned over a long period of time and stiil no flags were raised with friends or family. His request for a large corner room (suite) on a high floor overlooking the concert site was accepted without question. The staff cleaning this room over three days saw nothing out of the ordinary.,,and so on. ", "You are right to say that one of the problems is a general public not taking the action they could or should. But you fall short of providing guidance for the most high impact actions that we can take from a far. The disillusionment I feel with our government is strong, and feeling of helplessness all too real. What would you recommend  for the general horrified public?", "The facilitators of mass  murders always invoke hunting for their criminal tolerance of human destruction.  There can only be one of two reasons for the continuance of this behavior: 1. They actually don't care whether people are being mercilessly taken down; 2. They are so afraid of losing their cushy government jobs that they close their eyes to the crimes.  In the first case, they are despicable, in the second, they are cowardly.  Keep your hunting rifles, even your pistols, but for God's sake, if you really believe in a deity, why permit machine guns and others weapons of extermination.", "If the massacre of little children didn't move the needle, neither will this.  The fact that silencers on guns may be acceptable is the cherry on top.  At least the sound of gun fire in a school or event makes people duck for cover and go into lock down.  But a silent attack seems to make sense to members of Congress.  ", "Prominently displayed in front of the White House, Congress and Supreme Court are signs stating no weapons are allowed. The 3 branches of government responsible for our insane gun laws prohibit anyone entering their venues carrying a gun.  Yet, they subject the rest of us to the threat of gun violence in our every day life.  Why are their lives more important than the rest of ours?\n\nWe get what we tolerate and if Sandy Hook did not change our lust for violence, nothing will.  Violence is U.S.", "The overwhelming majority of the American people including gun owners want commonsense gun regulations like universal background checks and bans on automatic weapons and their ammunition.  Yes, Congress--specifically the Republican Party and the N.R.A.--has failed us over and over and over again.  Change, as noted, will only came when the voters realize that the \"right-to-life\" is not just about abortion, but about such gun regulations that will save the lives of their loved ones.  This has to be made a major campaign issue.  I, for one, will now make it mine when I vote.  I hope others will join me.", "The stock prices n gun manufacturers soared yesterday.  We all know why, plenty of talk that frightens gun enthusiasts, that someone wants to take away their weapons of mass destruction,   but no action by congress.\nThe Republicans are already rolling out the line of \"we shouldn't be politicizing this tragedy at this time.\".  What a crock of BS.   These cowards are afraid of the NRA, they are afraid of the moneyed crowd, and afraid of other republicans.  Isn't it time we made them afraid of the general election voters.\nVote out the cowards.  ", "I studied, worked and grew a family in the USA. We have relatives and many friends in the USA. We travel frequently to the USA, quite nervously and carefully  of late. On my own i would not come to visit the USA anymore. ", "My representative, Republican Steve Chabot, has received nearly $60,000 in direct contributions from the NRA. No surprise as to how he votes.  A truly sad statement on our times, the corrosive power of money, and the hypocrisy of those who tout their supposedly Christian/Catholic values. Chabot is a huge \"right to life\" guy - as long as only fetal rights are at stake.", "Unfortunately. former Representative Steve Israel is correct in his assessment of Americans\u2019 unhealthy relationship to guns. Having grown up in the fifties in northeastern Ohio when heavy industries were booming in the working-class city I came from, there was a joke that one shouldn\u2019t buy a Ford during deer hunting season in Ohio. All the more competent workers had taken off for the hunting season, and less experienced workers had taken their places on the assembly line at the Ford plant. So how average Americans really feel about guns in Ohio isn\u2019t really that different from those in Arkansas. And that same atttiude holds true today even though where I grew up is now called the Rust Belt. Ironically, Representative Steve Scalise, who was wounded during the attack in Arlington, Virginia, which shocked lawmakers inside the beltway bubble, received $4500.00 in campaign contributions from the NRA in 2016. And House Speaker Paul Ryan, who gave an emotional speech on the floor of the House after this attack, received $5500.00 from the NRA in 2016. And though I was initially shocked by the massacre in Las Vegas, because it reminded me of a bad day in Vietnam where I served as a medical corpsman, I too have quickly fallen back into my complacency about sensible gun control legislation ever being passed by Congress. I\u2019m just as much of the problem as Representatives Scalise and Ryan. So thank you, Mr. Israel, for your blunt but honest op-ed on how things really are in this country.", "I'm old enough to remember reading Rolling Stone after John Lennon was killed and seeing an article saying that maybe gun control will be passed. \n\nNow concertgoers are being killed and nothing has changed.\n\nThis was an act of war yesterday.  What is our President going to do?  A Republican president has more power to change things than a Democrat.  Hillary would have been slammed for any action she would have taken.  So what is 45 going to do about this?", "Can't regulate guns, it's too late and equates into too much money.\n\nOnly thing you can do is avoid is simply avoid big crowds/ venues at this point. I've been doing it for years. \n\nSadly, it's the only defense against this sort of thing.", "Late night comics like Stephen Colbert show more courage in raising the issue of guns than politicians and even some media folks catering to the rightwing business type.\n\nI watched CNBC yesterday and a steam of so-called experts, except a former NYC commissioner, never bother to bring up gun control and question the high power automatic rifles used by the perpetrator in this case. The CNBC hosts danced around the subject talking about hotels and metal detectors, but never gun problems. They seemed to be relieved that no one has brought up the perverting of the 2nd Amendment. \n\nNone of the right leaning media wanted to report Caleb Keeter of Josh Abbot Band, a country music band, has a change of mind about gun control.\n\nInstead, people talk about prayers. They said this is not the time. Their silence is not a gesture of respect to the dead and the wounded. Even since President George W Bush allowed the assault rifle ban to lapse, the killing power of guns has escalated. \n\nAll these remembering the victims and honoring the 1st responders as heroes talks are crocodile tear at best. We don't need unnecessary heroes. We want people to live and stay alive instead. But Congress is too coward to act by throwing up the usual defense: we don't want to politicalize tragedies. Dear god, you are politicians and you need to behave like one!", "\"In the confines of the members-only elevators, where my colleagues could speak honestly, I heard colleagues confide that any vote for gun safety would lower their N.R.A. scores, making them casualties in the next election.\"  I just finished watching Ken Burns' documentary on the Vietnam War.  In it, he quotes three presidents saying that they know that we cannot win in Vietnam, but that they are afraid to say this openly because it would cost them the next election.  It is this attitude that is responsible for the low esteem the political class is held.", "Being emotional and unreasonable about guns is a way of sticking it to the establishment and government power.  It reaffirms the idea that we can take personal responsibility for our own lives and safety and do not need government to help us or do it for us.  \n\nThe unreal power to keep us safe that is ascribed to guns has no basis in fact, since the dangers guns might save us from are far offset by the dangers they introduce into our lives.  These powers make guns a magical and religious object, one that embodies and realizes a certain sort of personal responsibility as a core value.  Since Second Amendment absolutists make carrying a religious act, their rights are defensible under the First rather than the Second Amendment. ", "My thoughts are angry!  How can Republicans continue to ignore the gun nut problem?  How can the SCOTUS continue to misinterpret the 2nd amendment?\nHow can, we as voters, continue to let greedy and cowardly politicians endanger the lives of our children  as well as the rest of us by ignoring the facts of our gun problem?  Are we that stupid?\nNo one wants to takeaway the sportsman's hobby.  No one wants to eliminate the ownership of a weapon for self defense.  But we demand that sensible rules apply to behavior and to mental competency, and to reasonable limitations as to where and how  weapons are  carried.\nHow many more have to die at the hands of the gun nuts encouraged and  empowered by the NRA for monetary gain?\nRepublicans need to examine their party goals and the morality of positions taken.  Is money that important to them! ", "How about term limits for our dear Congress men and women? If the only thing that they care about is their own employment at public expense, we should make sure that no one becomes a professional politician with a deep, deep appetite for the NRA's money.", "Don't you dare blame me, Mr. Israel.  I've voted only for officeholders who have advocated for sensible gun measures.  I've written letters, argued with gun owners (most of whom, by the way, agree with you and me) and attended demonstrations and vigils that show our outrage and disgust with your colleagues' cowardly inaction.  America is only exceptional in its stupidity and selfishness -- health care and gun violence are only its most prominent examples.  Either way, it appears that your colleagues want us dead--one way or another.  Hyperbole?  Perhaps.  But the anger and frustration here is palpable.  Tell your colleagues something for me.  Spare us the hang wringing expressions of sorrow.  You all don't really mean it.", "Insistence on second amendment rights is a distraction, Mr. Israel, a diversion from what underlies the real motive of those Americans who insist on a very broad understanding of that \"right.\" What motivates most of them is their right to be whoever they want to be and do whatever they want to do.\n\nEven if we grant that the writers of our constitution meant to be understood to mean that all individuals have right to own and bear arms, not just militias as it alludes, there is nothing in the amendment that prohibits limiting what gun ownership means. \n\nThe first amendment grants freedom of speech, but nobody believes you have an absolute right to freedom of speech. The courts have agreed with reasonable limitations, just as they've limited aspects of freedom of religion. \n\nSo why do we find it so difficult to do what Australia, Canada, Scotland, and other nations have done in limiting how you can own guns? \n\nThere are ways to allow Americans to own guns but greatly limit the chance of this kind of tragedy. The nations I've named have done it.\n\nWe don't because the majority is prohibited from protecting themselves from the minority by the minority. That minority of gun owners want carte blanche freedom to do whatever they desire in regard to guns in their interest to assure that they as individuals are not prohibited from doing with guns whatever they desire or fear.\n\nPerfectly good laws that would work here have already been written by other nations.\n\nWe just won't enact them.", "Congress is an exercise in futility.  Bypass it.  There may be another way.  \n\nBeyond gun control, which is so divisive and doesn't address the problem of millions of guns and assault weapons already in circulation, we need to do what Australia did to successfully get guns out of so many hands:  Buybacks.\n\nOf course a gun buyback program would require extensive fine tuning in a massive culture like ours, which promotes and glorifies guns in most forms of popular entertainment.  And of course, we have the NRA and other gun profiteers to contend with - and they currently rule. \n\nBut buybacks are voluntary.  They eliminate the objection of \"big government.\"  And of course, the financial motivation is what this country is built on, top to bottom.  Sell a gun to help finance a new car?  Or a loved one's health care?  After a while, I suspect those who claim they'd never sell their weapons would quietly enroll .... It would be \"no questions asked,\" so illegal firearms could be turned in, and there would be vouchers so people don't just go out and buy another gun. \n\nPerhaps one of the billionaires who consider themselves philanthropists might consider underwriting such a program, and assembling a team that could take on the admittedly daunting task of figuring out the details.\n\nOtherwise:  Our hearts break for these people, and the many who came before, and we hope that we - or those we love - are not in the crosshairs at the next shooting.  Which will come.  We know it will.  ", "Welcome America to our future. Your politicians, mostly republican, don\u2019t give a crap about the lives of Americans. Not a damn. Not your health care, not your lives or the lives of your children. Not a damn. If your lives get in the way of their donors making money, forget about it.", "Thank you, Mr. Israel. You know full well the costs. Our NRA supporters in Congress know too, by now. They also should know that blood is on their hands. Because they have the power to change this.", "12 people a weekend are killed in Chicago. Maybe we should focus on the ongoing carnage rather than the occasional carnage.", "Today Bill O'Reilly said the mass murder in Las Vegas was our price for freedom. Great Britain and Australia seem pretty free to me and they have strict gun control laws. O'Reilly and his followers are blind if they think guns equal freedom. We aren't free if we are always afraid.", "I think Americans have become numb to these events because they know the government will not do anything because of the NRA.  You have listed those reasons in your article.  Most of us have no idea of what we can do as citizens because our voices have made no difference in the past.  I'm happy to be proactive, but I'm not confident my voice will be heard or make a difference.", "Opponents of the GOP's healthcare bill defeated the measure because they saw a direct connection between the proposal and their own welfare, or that of their family.  Consequently, they organized and confronted their senators  in town hall meetings and congressional offices.  In so doing, they made it clear that a yes vote would incur a cost at election time.\n\nDespite genuine outrage over our epidemic of mass shootings, these events are too random to convince most of us that we face imminent danger.  When and if that situation changes, when enough Americans lose lose confidence in their personal safety and recognize that gun ownership will not protect them, then I believe the NRA will lose its ability to prevent sensible gun-control legislation.\n\nWe face a determined and well-organized minority.  Until the self interest of the majority provokes us to match the commitment of that minority, members of Congress more concerned about their careers than about the safety of their constituents will take no action.", "I am an Originalist in terms of the Second Amendment. Like the late Justice Antonin Scalia, I believe that we should try to discern the framer's intentions when they wrote the amendment, and try to understand their meaning of the words that they used. This has lead me to believe that the right to bear muzzle-loading flintlock muskets should not be infringed. But to extrapolate this right to include modern high-capacity military-style firearms is a simple matter of judicial overreach and \"legislating from the bench.\" ", "As Second Amendment rights have become more important than the right to continue breathing, is it any wonder that we are all numb to mass carnage by our fellow Americans?  And how dare the author blame \"you, the readers\" for their numbness.  He was a congressman and he could do nothing.  More than 80 percent of Americans support reasonable gun control, but we get nothing because the lobbyists are more important than we are.  The system is rigged.  That's the problem and that's the reason nothing will ever change.  Blame that.", "Now it's time for Representative Steve Scalise to start advocating for sane firearms laws.   \n\nMaybe the congressman thinks it's indecent haste to talk about that so soon after the Las Vegas shooting.\n\nOK, then, let's start the clock at his own shooting, since which a \"decent\" interval has passed.\n\nIf \"thoughts and prayers\" worked at all, they would have worked by now.\n\nBy the way, I wonder how many of the injured survivors will be barred long-term from affordable health care because of their now pre-existing condition?  ", "Seems the NRA OWN American govt. policy. On both sides of the divide. Stop the party donations, stop the lobbyists, and then there may be some change in gun laws.  Otherwise America, don't weep, this is on you.  I can now understand why America voted in a lunatic as president.", "Perhaps in the next few weeks, the NRA lackeys in congress will pass the bill allowing easy purchases silencers to protect the hearing of people like Mr. Paddock, so he can have an extra five minutes or ten before he is located.", "I'm curious how the NRA will respond to this. Will they tell us that if only everyone in the audience had had a machinegun, they could have fired back at the shooter?", "Republicans won\u2019t do anything about this until they start suffering politically for their willful recalcitrance.\n\n\u201cCountry before party.\u201d\n\nSpare us.", "one thing that should change but won't is that the media will continue to give ink to the shooter ... yes, nothing will change.", "Will Trump say Las Vegas with the same vitriol as San Bernardino?", "If the shootings of Representatives Giffords and Scalise couldn't move Congress's heart, then nothing will.", "Mr. Israel, you are right about almost everything here. Except, the problem is (only minimally) NYT readers. The \"elites\" who read your op-ed need to take back their country.\nOf all the horrors of gun violence, I will personally never recover from the fact that nothing was done about someone walking into a first grade classroom and killing our babies. That means, it's over, America. The non-elites and their guns have killed the America for which my predecessors left Europe. For money.", "Excellent column except the last paragraph. As Mr. Israel should know, most Times readers are liberal Democrats who support strong gun control. The problem is in Arkansas and the conservative and red states. ", "It's heartwarming - inspirational, really - to see how many American men, women and children are willing to die to defend our right to bear arms. It almost makes me ashamed to be alive - to not take a bullet and die as a martyr to the 2nd Amendment. ", "Since 1998, the NRA has donated $3,555,194 to members of Congress who are currently in office.  \n\n49 of 100 U.S. Senators have accepted NRA donations.\n\n258 of 435 U.S House of Representatives have accepted NRA donations.\n\nThese Republicans may have \"saved\" Obamacare, but they accepted NRA donations: Sen. John McCain $17,350; Sen. Susan Collins $9,900; Sen. Lisa Murkowski $18,900. \n\nThe winner of the biggest donation? (That I could find...) that would be Sen. Roy Blunt (R).  His prize was $65,500.\n\nAnd remember the Congressman who was shot in the park, Steve Scalise?  His donation -- $18,900.\n\nThere also are some Democrats who have accepted donations: one in each of these states - VT, NY, FL, IN, WI, MN, NM, CA, OR, and three in TX.\n\nSome states have no one who accepted donations: CT, RI, DE, HI, plus D.C.\n\nMy Congressman, Chris Collins (R) accepted $4,000.  He also is against the \"SAFE ACT\" in NY banning assault rifles after Sandy Hook, and after Steve Scalise was shot, declared that he would be carrying a gun from now on.\n\nSo.... do any of these elected officials really care about you or me, our safety, our right to live in peace, to go to the store, church/temple/mosque, theatre, concert, mall, school, library, airport, train station, doctor's office, heck anywhere without worrying about being shot to bits?  Nope, I don't believe so.\n\nCheck out who's who in your state here from the Washington Post:\nhttps://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/national/nra-donations/  ", "Mr. Israel writes: \"... in January 2001, ... I wanted to introduce legislation to require safety locks on certain guns ...\"\nPerhaps if he devoted his attention to other issues, he would still be in Congress. He might have considered that New Yorkers could safely walk to the theaters, opera, concerts, restaurants, and return home if they carried sidearms in elegant leather holsters and were trained to respect and use them.\nMr. Israel might even have considered -- admittedly an unlikely move for a New York Democrat -- introducing the 34th Constitutional Amendment, where three critical words, either overlooked or omitted by the Founding Fathers (in CAPS below) would have been included in the 2nd Amendment:\n\"... the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, EVERYWHERE AND ALWAYS, shall not be infringed\". ", "It is time to label the NRA and it's supporters as terrorists. After all, they aid and facilitate in the killing of innocent human beings.\nIt is also time to label lawmakers who take money from this terrorist organization and support it's agenda as terrorists.\nShow up at a Town Hall and call your member of Congress put as a terrorist.\nFinally, resist all attempts the terrorist organization known as the NRA, to weaken current gun laws, state by state. ", "But if they ban semi-automatic weapons, then they'll ban heavy machine guns, hand grenades, mortars, rocket launchers, claymore mines, grenade launchers, attack helicopters.... oh wait; those are already banned or highly restricted. My bad. ", "What do you mean do nothing?  Trump and Pence and their wives folded their hands and looked down at their shoes this morning, all playing their parts well enough.", "The bottom line unfortunately is that this is America: for a large minority, amusing yourselves with guns is more important to you than the lives of children and the peace of mind and self-respect of the majority. Last night, as often, there was a lot of gunfire down at the beach near my house - on Long Island! The targets were clay pigeons not kids, but it's the same mentality - gun obsession. Please gun-owners, as a sign of respect to Las Vegas and all those other massacres, overcome your addiction (or hobby) and take your weapons to the nearest police station.", "Why will nothing change? Ask any battered and abused wife: Because change and the unknown is feared more than what is known. What is known can be managed. What is unknown however ... People claim that guns protect them. It's a historic and cultural thing that goes way back. Ironically, people feel they need to protect themselves from their fellow Americans ... so for example when the NYT rips apart Trump supporters at every chance they get ... well, they're indirectly helping the cause of gun ownership. What goes around. ", "The wanna-be sheriffs in the NRA believe massacres such as these, of other peoples' loved ones, are an acceptable price to pay to live under the illusion of being \"powerful.\"\n\nToo bad they look the exact opposite.", "Perhaps one day, my dears American friend,s you would look for the roots of this love of violence who lurks deeply inside your very surprising society. As European, i don't even start to understand why you, in mean the American society, need to keep all this symbols of violence : guns, American football, death penalty despite you are one of the  most liberal democracies.", "Mr. Israel, please tell me what I should do. Seriously, I am at a loss. I call my congressman, I sign petitions, I've attended marches. I am angry and frustrated but I feel powerless. If you have any ideas, please share them. Thank you.", "It shows the sickening power of a rich and determined lobby and small crowd.  And of course they wrap themselves in patriotism and the constitution, just as dictator wannabe Trump does.  Good effort to prod the beast - something has to work.", "How dare you say that I am part of the problem?! It's very clear to me at least, that our sham democracy is ruled by special interest and a lunatic minority holding all the power. Our votes barely register. Nothing will change.....I am depressed, disgusted and even worse, without hope. ", "If Sandy Hook never changed anyone's mind about guns, nothing will. The NRA pays our politicians too much money!", "But is this the right time for this conversation?  With the horror so fresh on our minds & hearts?\n\nMaybe in a few weeks, when we're sure to have another incident to make it not the right time.  And then another to wait out . . . before the next one makes the conversation indecently rushed.\n\nYes, then.  Then will be the right time.", "Only if significant amounts of foreign money stop coming to USA for  tourism, college, business, will anything ever change our  tacit acceptance and approval  for gun violence and murder by assault weapons, the ONLY purpose of which is to maim and kill as many humans as possible, in the least aunt of time.\nLets not hold our breath\nIf a classroom full of perfect little 5 years olds, and an open air theater of happy tourists on holiday won't cause this blood stained, filthy  Congress to move away from the NRA's bottomless  feed bag to address the  \"WELL REGULATED militia\" that the Second Amendment expressly describes, nothing will.\nGod help us all.", "Shame on all the blood-soaked legislators who have done nothing about gun violence.\n\nCan anyone of them say, with sincerity, looking into the eyes of a loved one, that a law that makes possible such massacres is in the public interest. It is a simple and unequivocal equation: more guns = more death.\n\nShame on the hypocrisy, greed and evil that combine to harden the hearts and close the minds of congressional members who choose what is easy over what is right. They have sold their souls. They have been paid to make the deaths in Las Vegas possible: may they be forever haunted by the ghosts of their victims.", "Oh, no! Don't you DARE go pointing your finger at me for the lack change. I deplore the violence. I elect reps who also deplore the violence. ALL OF YOU in Congress have ALL the levers here. YOU know what is right and YOU are responsible for not getting it done. YOU are more interested in being re-elected than in doing what's right.\n\nThe Australian politicians who spearheaded the removal of dangerous guns from their society following a mass murder LOST THEIR SEATS. But they SAVED LIVES and they said losing an election was a small price to pay. \n\nWHO in Congress has even an ounce of that human decency?\n\nDo your work for YOUR COUNTRY, Steve and everyone in Congress, not FOR YOUR RE-ELECTION.\n\nYeah, I'm mad. Knowing that it's going to get A LOT WORSE before anything happens in Congress will do that. And we aren't anywhere near \"a lot worse.\"", "Chalk up one for Republicans who want to kill people, and do so with the current laws, and chalk one up for Democrats who do not  advocate killing  people.  Killing people has all the votes.  Which one are you?", "If dead babies stacked like cordwood didn't change the hearts of republicans after Newtown, they have proven that nothing will.  We need to overwhelmingly turn all local, state, and the national governments over to thinking and feeling human beings.", "Don't forget Goleta CA...  and Isla Vista CA (both within a stones throw of one another).  Americas obsession with guns and their perverted association with \"freedom\" is a delusion.  No other nation in the world (not thrown into chaos by American interventionism) can wear that badge.  The USA is plagued with an obvious problem:  Its obsession with guns and its insistence in allowing any person with a face the right to collect and carry firearms (as an icon of freedom).   We are a horribly sick society.", "To get change at last, we must recognize that in addition to being a terrible personal tragedy for thousands of family members and friends of the deceased and injured, and a terrible national loss, YESTERDAY WAS A GREAT DAY AND A GREAT TRIUMPH FOR THE NATIONAL RIFLE ASSOCIATION! Every gun death, every gun injury followed by our inaction is a celebration of the awesome power of the NATIONAL RIFLE ASSOCIATION! \n\nYou may ask why THE NATIONAL RIFLE ASSOCIATION PROMOTES GUN DEATH IN THE UNITED STATES. The answer is simple. All that carnage means you'd better get yourself locked and loaded! Everyone else is armed so you'd better be too! There's money to be made off of our fear!! That's why WE NEED GUNS IN BARS, GUNS IN CHURCHES, GUNS ON CAMPUSES, STAND YOUR GROUND LAWS, SILENCERS SO MORE PEOPLE CAN DIE FOR THE NRA! \n\nWe need artists to create free IMAGERY OF THE NRA LOGO SOAKED IN BLOOD. Shepard Fairey, where are you? We need T-shirts, decals, billboards, TV ads all saturating us with the same image. We need it on every gun victim's tombstone, wheelchair, and disability-adapted car and home so we see it directly associated with real victims every day! For those loved ones who can bear it, we need GRAPHIC IMAGES OF THE BLOOD-SOAKED DECEASED WITH THE BLOOD-SOAKED NRA LOGO displayed prominently over them. \n\nWhen the public perception is the truth: NRA = DEATH - directly associated with real victims - then our lawmakers will finally come around and we will get the change we deserve.", "I, one reader, have NOT become inoculated, and I resent Mr. Israel for claiming so. What America needs right now, in the wake of Trumpism and another reminder of this barbaric country's insane \"rights,\" (including the right to slaughter hundreds of strangers with a machine gun), is a bona fide secessionist movement. \n\nYes, you read right. Since it is primarily the old South and its reactionary ideals that stole the election in 2016 (as it did in 2000), it is high time for the progressive North and far West to pack their bags and finally leave the Confederacy and its ilk where they belong--in the primeval dump of history. ", "White immigrants took America from its native peoples at the point of a gun. Today, their descendants are scared almost to death others are going to do the same to them. Hence the gun lobby, gun makers and the NRA--all underwritten by fear...and money.", "Not until the President's or Vice-President's child is killed will Congress be willing to look at gun control seriously", "So sad, so true.", "Each mass domestic murder event continues to grow in number both as shootings and victims. The National Rifle Association continues to abet and support shootings. Its latest lobbying of congressmen with blood-stained hands is seeking to legitimize silencers for human assault weapons. This  certainly would have made the horror in Las Vegas a lot quieter.\nCongress and congress alone is to blame. It allows the 2nd Amendment to be trampled by those noxious NRA executives who worship their mammon of greed. ", "After the massacre in Las Vegas, stock prices of gunmakers rose. This is it in a nutshell. Follow the money. Dean Heller, Senator of Nevada is complicit. He has fought for open carry of machine guns in his state. He has relaxed gun laws, background checks and magazine size. One wonders if one of his four children were present at this concert, if he would be so beholden to the NRA? \n\nOur lawmakers are in the pocket of the NRA. They find justification, hide behind the 2nd Amendment and offer thoughts and prayers. This was an \"evil act\" our President says. What is evil is the sale of automatic weapons which are used to murder. Period.\n\n80% of the population is for stricter gun restrictions. We are not saying: Take guns away, we are saying, make smarter laws. Unless we protest en masse, this will not end. Make calls. Write letters to lawmakers. Their jobs must be on the line. They work for us!  You can reach any Senator, any Congressman's office. Flood their phone lines. This has to stop.\n\nThe number for Congress is: 202 224.3121", "Nothing will change if Sandy Hook did not make gun-toting Republicans even think about gun control. Instead, there are nuts who think Sandy Hook is a hoax and are harassing the parents of the dead children to prove that they ever existed.\nGun advocates have the stupid illusion that an amateur with a gun could take out the shooter and stop the mayhem. It hasn't happened yet. This case would have required a professional sharpshooter in the right place at the right time.  The GOP are shivering in their shoes that the NRA will mount a campaign against them if they vote with the smallest amount of integrity to restrict access to guns by a large swath of the population. They claim a well-regulated militia doesn't mean a well-regulated militia. Every nut job and terrorist has the right to buy as many weapons as he wants.\nThere is no hope for the future when I have heard parents whose children died by the hand of a sibling say, \"We don't believe in gun control. It was an accident.\" This was no accident. Even if gun lovers think every Tom, Dick or Harry has the right to own as many guns as they want doesn't mean we have to agree. We live in this country too and have the right not to be murdered by some gun-toter who wants his name remembered as a mass murderer. ", "The title of your column indicates you don't have any hope left.  But the next to last paragraph indicates you do still have some small scintilla of hope that Americans will rise up and actually do something this time, that we won't just turn the page or click another link.\n\nSilly Rabbit.  Guns are for kids, adults of diminished capacity, the mentally deranged, sociopaths, criminals, vigilantes, the list goes on and on.  With the NRA's help, won't be changing that anytime soon.", "I have only one word for those oppsing any sensible gun control: \"Shame\"", "Introduce a bill to allow guns into the halls of Congress.", "Nothing will change. And the political diagnosis will remain as such until Congressional Republicans decide to get out of bed with the NRA.", "The NRA is our home grown terrorist organization.  I don't vote Republican, I don't own a gun, and I've petitioned the government. I am not inoculated. I thought Sandy Hook would be different, but no.   Aside from hunting and law enforcement, there is no room in a civilized world for the people who own guns, want to carry them everywhere they go, and say, \"take it from my cold, dead, hands.\"  These people are all sickos.  Their civil liberties do not compare to all the liberties that are taken from people who aren't clinging to them.  This is another false equivalency.  Death is not an even trade for their twisted versions of 2nd Amendment rights.   Take the guns away. ", "I would place all of the blame on Congress, not on members of the public who oppose guns. When you were in Congress, why didn't you do more? Why didn't you come out and talk about it every day if you were so concerned? Why do you blame your colleagues? You folks are the law  makers and we are powerless except for our votes. You folks feel you are accountable to no one but yourselves.", "Another SAD day in America! My Prayers go out to the Family & Friends of the dead & wounded!\n\nSadly until the American Public WAKE UP & realize Our current gun laws, really the lack thereof, are Not about freedom but to increase the profits of gun manufacturers nothing will change. The NRA is NOT about 2nd Amendment rights but is just a front for gun manufacturers to help increase their profits. The Republican Party, as well as some Democrats, long ago sold their soul to the NRA & gun manufacturers at the expense of U.S. Citizens mainly because of OUR Misinformed Citizenry. Until OUR Media actually begins telling the truth about the NRA & the gun manufacturers nothing will change & these gun massacre stories will go on & on...", "Is this \"this American carnage\" that Trump mentioned in his inaugural address?  \n\nLet's be sure and tell our congressional representative to vote against silencing automatic weapons...an upcoming vote! ", "The Republican Party just received my first annual Pontius Pilate award because \"Since nothing is perfect, we won't do anything.\"  Also look at pending legislation allowing gun owners to buy silencers so their hearing won't be damaged.", "To the NRA, to Republicans, to the so-called potus and other opponents of gun control, with their claim of 2nd amendment rights, the massacre in Las Vegas is the price we have to pay for liberty.   I don't want to pay it.", "Corporations are the new citizens- with voting rights, money and power.  And thank God, no corporations were hurt in the shooting.  Had Microsoft, Apple, Amazon or Wal Mart been one of the victims- I'm sure we'd have a rapid response with a sensible law implemented in no time.\nUntil that happens, the fleshy citizens will continue to be mowed down by psychopaths as if its never happened before.", "You are so wrong. Just like the new legislation under the Hunter Health Act that will allow anyone to purchase a silencer and to states that have laws against open carry over ruled by someone from another state that has the right. No, hey, Trump signed legislation that allows the mentally ill to purchase as many weapons as they want. They will pass a new law that everyone is required to carry a hand gun and machine gun and if you do not you face five years in prison. Hey, the silencer legislation is pushed to protect the hearing of those firing weapons. I guess also on the books is a law that one cannot purchase dynamite that will be coming off so everyone can purchase a truckload if they want to. Face facts America is a giant lunatic bin and Trump is the head lunatic along with those who won't even pass simple gun legislation. Thank goodness I live in Canada where we leave the job of policing to the police and have health care. One other happy group was gun companies what does it say about a nation where you have a mass killing and then the gun stocks go up. Ain't America great. Jim Trautman", "Guns Guns Guns!  When one the last time someone was saved by using a semi automatic gun to protect himself? We all know it is more likely that an innocent person will be killed by a semi automatic gun than by an intruder in one's house in America. I am ashamed as an American  that we cannot pass laws to eliminate these deadly masses of destruction.", "If I were a lobbyist for the NRA I would be happy to know my job is secured by mandate of the US Constitution. Hooray for freedom!", "We name Hurricanes.  The press should immortalize each mass shooting by naming it after a legislator who supported and enabled the shooting as an NRA proxy.  Surely they would he honored.\n\nThis \"category 5\" incident is the \"Roy Blunt mass murder of 2017\".  The next one will be called the \"Barbara Comstock mass murder of 2017\".  We pray that it will a category 1, with 10 or fewer victims.", "Your asking immoral people to do something right.  It isn't going to happen.", "Just yesterday I wonder out loud to my spouse that the U.S. was due from another gun massacre and I felt sick to my stomach when I saw the headlines. Steve Israel is right, a political system and voting population who shrugged at the horror of a pile of dead children, gunned down by legally obtained weapons and who elected an immoral and incompetent man as president, will not rise up to put an end to gun violence, no matter the death toll. In the end, it is all about money.", "I grew up w John Hinckley (the guy who tried to assassinate Regan). During his trial he expressed little remorse and his father tried to get John Jr  to understand the severity and consequences of his behavior....In exasperation, his dad asked Jr. what wd have stopped him from trying to shoot Regan....his answer was if he \"had been hassled about buying a gun or not able to do so\".....this was back in l982 before there was any forethought about gun control.", "I'm more cynical, and expect the sale of silencers to the public to be legalized. If one considers that it take sound triangulation off the table for law enforcement first responders, and in Las Vegas would likely have resulted in multiples of the casualty count that actually occurred, then such legislation would set a new standard for craven idiocy.\n\nBut that has not stopped our elected officials to date....", "just why is the \"well-regulated\" part of the sacrosanct 2nd amendment so egregiously ignored?", "When h is in Las Vegas -- and not Puerto Rico -- Trump will predictably echo the NRA meme that it is people, not guns, which kill, well, people.\n\nWhat a travesty.", "If the shooting deaths of 26 Kindergarteners at Sandy Hook didn't and couldn't shock the conscious of every reasonable human being into making change, then honestly, what will?\nMr. Israel, I truly appreciate your honestly. However, I wonder if you could have and would have written this editorial as an active member of Congress? ", "NRA means nothing to me. The Gun Lobby means nothing to me. Congress opposition to sensible gun laws mean nothing to me.\n\nIf the media were to start putting individuals names to these organizations and dig into their history that would mean something to me. Who are the key people in the NRA, what are their perks, who do they meet with in Congress. \n\nLet America know who these people are that indirectly sponsor these mass killings. And don't let up, every week headline one and keep at it.", "It is an insult for Trump to go to Las Vegas and gabble about \"unity.\" There is no unity. The only constructive response is to recognize the sore need this country has for a rational gun control policy. Evidently something was very wrong with the shooter -- and what put him over was the availability of all the arms and ammo he could want. Trump's words: \"I could stand in the middle of 5th Avenue and shoot somebody and I wouldn't lose voters.\" Pure evil? It's time for the Senators and Representatives to step up and face it.", "nothing will change, nothing! we do this like a drill.  All we can do is preparing for the next one", "Another sick gunman. Now it is President Trump's turn to try to deal with it. It comes down to collective insanity (the impossibility in our politics to outlaw assault weapons, etc.). On guns, we are an exceptional (exceptionally sick) country. Look around. I like Australia as a model country on gun control. But we couldn't do anything after Newtown, CT, still the worst slaughter in recent time, nor after the slaughter in Charleston, SC, so why should anything change? Cynicism is not the answer. The answer is political leadership and action. Talk to former Australian PM John Howard, a staunch conservative who brought Australians to their senses on this critical issue. Our country will continue to be sick until we deal with guns in a similar way. ", "Viewing from a distance I am surprised but not surprised.\nIt is such a pity that nothing will happen to alter gun ownership in the USA.\nI have visited your fine country and pass on my best to all effected by this shocking incident.", "Mr. Israel is correct. I did some channel-surfing today, and already the coverage is all about the shooter's \"motives\" (hint: he was insane); the heroism of ordinary people; the ways that \"security\" could be improved at similar events in future; the \"resilience\" of Americans; even the - disgusting, to me - assurance that Las Vegas is already or soon will be \"back to normal\". I finally turned away in disgust. I don't CARE what the shooter's \"motive\" was, about feel-good stories, or about the economic effects on casinos. Counting the blanks, \"studying\" the shooter's history - what's the point when any lunatic can arm himself to the teeth, especially in Nevada?", "I have been so sad all day as the news of the  deaths and murders unfold.\nI am so grateful to you for speaking the truth ,the horrible,evil truth about our inability to ever stop these deaths and the part our representatives play in these deaths.\nNancy", "While we are so preoccupied and worried about terrorists coming to get us, we remain remarkably complacent in the face of overwhelming killing from within.  Someone, somewhere at some point in time has to be willing to meet in the middle and talk reasonably about the insane proliferation of military grade weapons.  Radicals don't need to come into this country to kill American citizens ...they just need to wait and we'll happily do it for them.", "I wanted to deny the article and its point.  I wanted to believe that FINALLY the ultimate shock and horror of the biggest gun massacre in American history would mean we would do something.\nBut I thought again and have to agree, nothing will change.\nI must say, sorry to sound crass, but let's be honest:  White people at a White People's music event massacred by a white man makes so many arguments about who really is a danger to our country (remember Trump's ban on 8 countries)..a farce.  We have sadly met the enemy and he is us.\nAlso, I'm tired of the prayers and warm friendly supportive speeches, the almost ridiculous statements that say we are no so much more united in grief...STOP IT!  Prayers and speeches won't stop this incredible carnage in the  now so-called best country in the world.\nWe live in a violent and divided country spurred on by uncontrolled weapon possession and sales.\nIf we think there is any point to anyone owning an automatic weapon designed solely for killing people, then we are doomed.", "It's not so much the lunatics who can so easily obtain firearms and who can so easily kill with the so easily obtained firearms as it is the lunatics who politically, financially & legally enable the lunatics who can so easily obtain firearms and who can so easily kill with the so easily obtained firearms.\n\nPer (the sainted) late judge and conservative legalist Robert Bork said of the Second Amendment:\n(1989) \u201c(It) guarantees the right of states to form militias, not for individuals to bear arms\u201d.\n(1991): \u201cThe National Rifle Association is always arguing that the Second Amendment determines the right to bear arms. But I think it really is people\u2019s right to bear arms in a militia. The NRA thinks that it protects their right to have Teflon-coated bullets. But that\u2019s not the original understanding.\u201d\n(1997): \u201cThe Second Amendment was designed to allow states to defend themselves against a possibly tyrannical national government. Now that the federal government has stealth bombers and nuclear weapons, it is hard to imagine what people would need to keep in the garage to serve that purpose.\u201d", "I've seen these massacres now for fifty years in this country. Only Connecticut bothered to try to prevent another one with laws. Gun lovers have succeeded in convincing most Americans that guns are freedom. Their GOP representatives on the Supreme Court made certain a few years ago, for the fist time in over 200 years, that this view is now set in stone. \n\nOK, so what next? Sorry to say more massacres for a long time. It's too easy now for a man who wants to know what it feels like to kill dozens of people all at once, to get the weapons necessary for such a crime. Our Congresspeople have been complicit in these horrors, giving the sick men in our country every opportunity and every weapon to carry out their horrible fantasies.", "'Nothing we can do would make it any different. Therefore the right thing to do is nothing.' This seems to be the reasoning in our legislatures. We should do nothing, try no new laws, try no new approaches, because it wouldn't have made any difference in this case.\n\nTherefore, we do nothing.\n\nThe NRA supports this... and has bought our lawmakers, because they want more guns, everywhere, all the time, without restrictions. Not surprisingly, they make money that way. As long as we have the NRA-approved interpretation of the Second Amendment, as long as we allow our politicians to kowtow to the NRA, we'll have these events.\n\nGet used to it.\n\nExpect another one, and another, and another... And while we're waiting for the next \"mass shooting\" to happen, we continue to have dozens die every day all over the country, in onesies and twosies; not notable outside the local news. Over 15,000 died last year in gun violence incidents. Not many incidents make it to \"mass shooting\" status, but those onesies and twosies add up.\n\nToday is just the cost of having a Second Amendment.\n\nGet used to it.\n\nNo need to try anything different, anything else, anything new, to slow it down, to try stop even one or two of the dozens a week.\n\nGet used to it.\n\nIf you listen to the gun lobby, to the NRA, maybe *you* need to buy a gun (or two) \"to protect yourself\" from all the violence...\n\nGet used to it.\n\nJust another sad day in America, just another few dozen killed with guns.\n\nGet used to it.", "Here's an idea - I'd like to see the Democrats (yes, the Democrats!) introduce a bill to allow guns to be carried into the capitol, without any restrictions. I'd like them to fight for it with all their might to show the country just how hypocritical and cynical the Republicans really are, because of course, the Republicans will never vote for it, saying it is too dangerous. Yes, it is too dangerous for them in their own capitol, but not for the thousands of ordinary citizens who will continue to die senselessly from their cowardice. Come on Democrats--you want change? Here's how to get it. ", "I used to hope that senseless gun violence in Chicago would get Dems behind stop-gap measures to \"stop & frisk\" and stop being Fourth Amendment absolutists in the short-term. Then we could all get behind long-term reasonable gun control.\n\nBut I've long given up hope that tragedy will move Dems to help stop the ongoing weekly slaughter in Chicago.", "What a depressingly accurate description of the state of our disunion. 59 dead 527 hurt read the headline. Taking into account the sprained ankles, the cuts and scrapes of climbing over people and things and the panicked trampling, we'll take 200 of those victims out. That means this guy hit 350 to 400 people with a bullet. This is escalating to the point where the people who do nothing are gonna seem insane. If this were a terror attack by Muslim extremists we would move heaven and earth to make sure there was never another one, including taking our shoes off in the casino. But since it's just another mass shooting, we will be forced to go to our corners and argue the same strawman arguments about wanting to confiscate their weapons instead of making life safer for those who don't treat the 2nd amendment as scripture. I'm sacrificing too many of my other rights to accommodate you're right to bear unlimited arsenals. If you believe the only way to stop a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun, you should keep in mind the logical conclusion to that argument. America has nukes, North Korea wants nukes, both think the other is the bad guy, you're only solution would be to let North Korea have nukes. The NRA  and a Republican Congress may be a bigger threat to your life than terrorism. God bless those people in Las Vegas, because if they're thinking this will change anything in Congress, well, I wouldn't make that bet.", "For those of us who believe in a sane society, we can never give up, and we can never get used to this. The tide will turn if we keep screaming and voting for reasonable gun legislation. Will it take a mass shooting of this scale, or a Sandy Hook, in every state, or every neighborhood? Enough of the prayers from the NRA.", "I'm a Canadian. I hate restrictions and regulations, I hate them and loathe them. I am gun owner. A responsible one. And I am very glad for the restrictions and difficulty to own and use a firearm here.  Very glad for it. I wouldn't want it any other way. \n\nSomething has to change. Something drastic. Or it is going to change you, the USA. You have a whole generation growing up thinking acts of gun violence are horrific, but normal. \n\nIt's time.", "\"Third, the problem is you, the reader. You\u2019ve become inoculated. You\u2019ll read this essay and others like it, and turn the page or click another link. You\u2019ll watch or listen to the news and shake your head, then flip to another channel or another app. This horrific event will recede into our collective memory.\"\n\nExactly. There is no anti-NRA, no analogue of Black Lives Matter, no march on Washington, no commitment to vote gun control, no fund raising; nothing. Gun owners are politically active; the rest of the population are indifferent or if weakly opposed then also supine. In politics you get what you deserve.", "Rep. Israel you are wrong.  \n\nI live in a red state and grew up in a family who fished and hunted each year for food.  But not one hunter I know needs an assault weapon to put food on the table.  And if they do, they should have their license taken away from them and never be allowed to own a gun again.\n\nYou are also wrong about this:  I regularly contact my representatives in Congress and, with the exception of Jon Tester, routinely get back form letters expressing their thoughts and prayers for the families.  Not one word or commitment to taking these weapons of mass destruction out of circulation.\n\nThe problem isn't with me, the reader.  It isn't with you and a handful of clear-thinking members of Congress.  But the problem is with the rest of your colleagues who think it is absolutely appropriate to let people commit mass murder in their communities in the name of freedom.  \n\nThe gun lobby is at war on own people, and our so-called representatives seem to think that's okay.", "The gun lobby and those who oppose sensible gun control have blood on their hands. Unfortunately, yes, what else is new. When will people wake up?", "This county's obsession with guns, killing, and prayer is pathological.  No amount of guns is too much, no amount of gun death is too much, and no amount of prayer will bring an an end to either of them.", "The rest of the developed world can do nothing but shake their heads in disbelief about the non-action. When will it finally be enough?", "We need an organization with the financial power of the NRA to win over congress with rational gun safety legislation and rate congress as the NRA does . The majority of voters back sensible gun control but out of fear from the gun lobby congress cowers in fear and $ is the reason . Give congress publicity look at that fossil Judge Moore pulling out a gun while dressed as a cowboy do congressmen want to be pictured next to him spouting homophobic and racist taunts .     ", "Although I was born and raised in Wisconsin, I have made my life in New Zealand for over 40 years. And I am telling you people that from an outside perspective you are viewed as collectively unhinged for your inability to stop killing each other. When the Constitution was written I am betting that the authors never envisioned a day where citizens felt it necessary or proper to be perpetually armed with automatic weapons. But then I'm sure they never anticipated the vast amounts of money that would be used by the NRA to buy both elected and unelected government officials. \n\nAt the end of the day, this is just another example of how money talks louder than anything else. Prayer will not save a single life from a gun; only sensible limits imposed by laws can do this. ", "This essay makes  a lucid if discouraged assessment of the prospects of implementing gun control.\nThe solution is not as simple as voting for politicians who support sensible gun control.\nThe gun lobby will continue to win over Americans as long as it is bolder, more determined and shrewder than gun control proponents.\nFortunately, mindsets can change when men and women of character, intelligence and determination persuade society that what has become habitual and customary is idiotic, absurd and must stop.\nLeaders in civil society and in government can turn things around but they need to demolish the ludicrous, paranoid arguments that allow dangerous people to get guns and kill people - in mass shootings, that means people the gunman does not even know. ", "I live in Canada. I thank God that I do. I do wish that Canada had even stricter gun control laws and that the previous, reactionary Conservative government of Stephen Harper (Republicans light) had not dismantled the Canadian gun registry. However, I am confident that the registry will come back and that we will, eventually, ban almost every kind of gun. But, in the US, that will never happen. Americans are insane. They have completely normalized for the incredible death and violence that they could so easily stop, if only they would adopt sensible gun laws (and the Supreme Court had not issues a shameful and indefensible interpretation of the 2nd Amendment that greatly expanded the ability of gun nuts to go nuts). If the murder of 26 tiny children was not enough to spur the consciences of American lawmakers, then nothing will. No massacre is too big to stop ordinary Americans in Republican districts from insisting that no amount of violent death will ever trump their right to possess weapons of murder.", "\"My confidence ebbed when I heard my colleagues turn this into a debate over the rights of gun owners instead of the right to life of children.\"\n\nSame people boycotting the NFL and saying players who kneel during the National Anthem should be fired, I bet.", "My heart goes out to those in Las Vegas but I will not give you a liberal view of events. The first job of government is the security of the people. Since 9/11 we have spent $763,934,414,844 to protect us from foreign threats. Not a thing on gun control. The facts are clear, the threat is from within. This is from body counts. I do not want to take away peoples guns, hunters rifles, I just want the grandkids to be safe, going to school, going to a movie, going to a concert. So congressional people, would you please take care of JOB #1.", "While the mass shooting in Las Vegas is tragic and horrifying, so are the daily deaths in our urban centers, like St. Louis, Chicago and Baltimore, among others.  I hate firearms.  I once decided not to bunk with a potential roommate in college after I saw his collection of guns and rifles.  It took less than 2 minutes to walk away.  How many films and television programs romanticize gun violence?  It's sickening.  One death is one death too many.", "A quiet October afternoon to enjoy a nap where even the target shooting center remains silent.  Having listened to one old-timer shake his head about 'Obama wanting to take our guns from us', another who showed up with a rifle at the front door, a third. a retired armed security guard at the hospital where a 'No Weapons' allowed sign is posted at the entry door, it is beginning to sound like a bad joke from The Far Side.\n\nA woman is paying for her groceries, and pays for her life when her toddler finds a gun in her open handbag.  We may become inoculated to reading essays, but some of us are in fact starting to behave like antelopes.\n\nWhat are the gun laws for citizens of China, or Russia?  Wait, We are the Country of the Free, and before surrendering to Freedom, it might be wise to teach Ourselves that being 'free' is not when one has nothing left to lose, but a certain amount of responsibility, make that tremendous and instill some errant laws into our Capitalist Society.\n\nCongress is going to fall asleep on this issue and be easily diverted.  When The National Presidential Elections take place, there could be an Aye or a Nay vote behind the closed curtains.  We could begin target practice on the coming Primary Elections this coming November, which most likely is 'Unconstitutional'.  It is astonishing how anything right or good is not met by resistance.  Not only do I want my Country and People back, but Common Sense.\n\nA National Referendum to take place for The People.", "WE are being held hostage by the NRA. Congress gets the vapors when the public mentions gun control. Mr. Trump isn't gong to \"drain the swamp\", so the only recourse for the public is to vote against the incumbents in all 50 states.", "\"Nothing will change\"?  Yes, the eternal question, however my question is for the life of me and just for the purpose of constantly buying into the misguided notion that \"government and taxes are evil\",  why do Americans continue to blindly elect politicians who DO NOT represent what the majority of Americans claim America stands for??  It makes absolutely no sense whatsoever.\n\nThis President and his Republican Party henchmen are making things worse by creating even further divisions and the election of a fanatic like Roy Moore in Alabama is just anoher example.  There are other Stephen Paddoks out there in the making.\n\nTo find your answer, America, for once, look no further than the mirror and do something about it!", "I\u2019ve read a lot of cynicism and snark today about how nothing will change concerning semi-automatic and automatic assault rifles in the wake of the Las Vegas gun massacre. \n\nWhile it is true, according to news reports, that nothing could have prevented the mass shooting that took place yesterday, there are things that can be done to limit future tragedies from occurring in the future if Congress would only be smart about it.\n\nSaying that nothing will change is defeatist talk. It\u2019s childish, petulant and guaranteed to ensure that nothing will change. Democracy requires hard work and plenty of it. No one said it was going to be easy. If Americans wanted someone else to single-handedly make changes, it would create a monarchy or vote for a tyrannical strong-man. But we are better than that. This is a crisis that affects everyone in this country.\n\nGrow up Mr. Israel. Put on your big boy pants and get out there and fight the good fight. What happened in Vegas could have happened to any one of us. It is high time meaningful legislation is introduced beginning with the banning of assault weapons.", "Maybe we could get the gun rights people to decide which one of their family members should be placed in the sights of an assault rifle in the hands of someone who should not have been able to buy it. These are INNOCENT PEOPLE who have been massacred. It seems to me their right to life trumps everything else. After all, the list in the Declaration of Independence starts with \"Life\". If my right to life and your right to life gets in the way of someone being able to have a weapon of mass destruction - and Las Vegas was mass destruction - then there is no issue here.  LIFE comes first. So how do we fix this?  And Steve Brown, you and your pursuit of liberty at all costs have been lucky.  You just haven't been the target yet. ", "It's times like these that I wish I were legally entitled to vote in American elections. At least I can leave (or is it \"flee\"?) the country when I hit my breaking point.", "It has become a farce.  The piles of teddy bears and balloons.  The images of grief. The 'leaders' saying the same old things.   A set piece; as rigid as Kabuki theater.  I am disgusted. ", "If our elected representatives do not have the intelligence and courage to put safeguards and protections in place to prevent this kind of tragedy from happening, then we need smarter and more courageous elected representatives. Incompetence is no excuse. And that includes moral and ethical incompetence. ", "Congressman, I want you to be wrong. Things never change until they do. And people's concerted action does make a difference. We prevented an awful series  of healthcare bills from becoming law through the power of mass action. We can change our absurd gun laws if we make our voices heard. I'd urge everyone reading this to call your Congressperson and Senator. Do it many times. Tell them you want controls on gun ownership, to make sure guns that can be used for mass killings aren't sold. And neither are accessories that can be used to convert semi-automatic weapons to automatic weapons. Do it now. Today it was someone else's wife, brother, son, or mother who was killed. It could be yours tomorrow. Or mine. We need better laws.", "Four, we have an administration that refuses to embrace teachable moments, going along with a Congress that is also too self-serving to do public good.\n\nIt doesn't matter whether its gun control or climate change. As long as our politicians are in it for themselves and believe they cannot get re-elected with out cash from the merchants of death, nothing will get done except the devil's work. Thanks for the thoughts and prayers, again.", "I hope the proponents of the second amendment and right to carry folks think about what would happen if a number of people in the audience started firing in the direction of the 32nd floor of the hotel that the shots came from as the police arrived on the scene. \"A well-regulated militia\" means something.", "I was 22 when Columbine happened.  For me, until 9/11 that was my JFK moment.  That terrible moment when a young person loses their innocence and realizes that the world isn't safe.\n\nI'm sad to say that like many Americans I've grown desensitized to gun violence.  Mass shootings have become the norm rather than the exception.  I'm always sad for the victims and their families but I no longer internally memorialize the event so I remember where I was and what I was doing.  What's the point I tell myself, the next one will be even worse.\n\nSandy Hook was the shooting that caused me to lose hope that anything will change.  When babies died and Congress did nothing I realized that they never would.  Honestly, when Republicans were shot at their baseball practice my first thought was that it was only a matter of time before someone got brave enough to target politicians.  Then I sighed and went back to my day because I knew they would take steps to protect themselves while leaving the rest of us as fair game.\n\nAt this point the rest of the world would be well within their rights to issue travel warnings for our country.  Money is the only thing that speaks to our capitalist nation so unless something happens that causes enough economic hardship that our politicians are forced to take action nothing will change.  I feel sad for our children who are growing up thinking this is normal.", "I think we can do one thing: Get rid of Electoral College and the Redistricting -gerrymandering that attempt to eliminate the democratic votes.\nDemocrats need to realize that they are the Majority, their policies need to be implemented. If only they could get their act together, maybe then Gun Control  which should be as simple as demanding that a law be in place for a gun/rifle owner as a vehicle owner,  to be licensed, registered, insured,  controlled with a number as we are with our license plates. Anyone but a criminal would have no objection to that, surely. Weapons that belong to a war zone must not be allowed, period! ", "Every major newspaper in the US should set aside a quarter of its front page every day to publish the names, pictures, and phone numbers of members of Congress who will not vote for gun control.\n\nTheir names and numbers should be published every day with an exhortation for the public to call and demand action. When they agree to vote for gun control, their names and numbers can be removed.\n\nOnly public humiliation on an individual basis  will make something happen.", "Our values are warped. When guns, violence and the NRA are worshipped, when reasonable restraints on \"freedoms\" run rampant, when mental illness is barely recognized or treated, when treatment remains inaccessible to most, all bets are off. We have a President who scorns talking with North Korea, and later sends \"warmest\" condolences to the victims and families of the largest mass shooting in our nation's history. It's hard to feign optimism about our future. If we don't continue to work for gun control, informed approaches to mental health treatment, peaceful conflict resolution, we are all at risk. ", "It sounds obvious that enough pressure from the majority of  people that support gun control could change Congress's stand on guns. But it's just as obvious that it doesn't work. It seems that however many are killed in the latest atrocity, whatever controls exist are loosened--guns for people with mental disease? guns for children? guns in schools? guns in bars? guns for people on the terrorist watch list? easier access to silencers?--on and on it goes. What might work is for all the people who say they're for sensible limits to talk with their votes, not just their mouths. I wish I could be optimistic.", "I just heard Representative Titus of Nevada rhetorically asking how attacks like this could be prevented. Well, the obvious answer is that assault weapons should not be available to civilians. Is that so hard? Apparently it is, because nothing will be done to restrict access to weapons of war. Politicians will trot out their moments of silence, thoughts,  prayers, and whatever else is easy and cheap, and then go back to business as usual. For just a nanosecond after Steve Scalise got shot I thought there might be a chance that Congress might entertain the possibility of enacting decent gun laws. Nope. You're right. Nothing will change. You're also correct that at bottom the fault for this obscene state of affairs lies with the people of this country who do not demand that things change. ", "I have a perfect solution! So the Second Amm. should be as absolute and unlimited as the First, right? SO lets pass a law that guarantees the right to carry concealed firearms into every rally or political event in every campaign. If we should all be exposed to this so as to sell more ordinance then shouldnt this also apply to all of those in the three branches of the government? Given the polarization we have in this country what do you think would happen?  ", "One of the most depressing op-ed pieces I have read in the Times in a long time. Here is a person who has been 16 years in the one place in this country where the people are supposed to have their voices heard. Instead it's the voice of money that speaks the loudest - Gun Lobby money - NRA money - It's MONEY, not common sense, that drives the government in the USA.", "First, I think the Supreme Court got it wrong in DC v. Heller and violated the cannons of statutory construction by treating the militia clause in the Second Amendment as \"mere surplussage\" and holding that the right to bear arms is an individual rather than a collective right. But even if the founders meant the right to bear arms to be an individual right, NONE of the rights articulated in the Bill of Rights are absolute. The Supreme Court found exceptions to the 4th Amendment's \"warrant\" and \"unreasonable search and seizure clauses. Searches without warrants can be conducted under \"exigent circumstances,\" the court said. You can sue others for liable even though the First Amendment protects the right to free speech. So pray tell WHY DO FOLKS INSIST THAT THE RIGHT TO BEAR ARMS IS ABSOLUTE? If there can be exceptions to the other amendments in the Bill of Rights, then there can be reasonable exceptions to the right to bear arms, including limiting magazine capacity, banning silencers, etc. The right to bear arms does not mean the right to bear any arm one choses. There is absolutely NO reason why civilians should have machine guns. You don't hunt with machine guns, and you really don't need a machine gun to protect your family from home invasions. ", "Thanks, Steve, for a cogent and honest essay.\n\nIt's not just the gun lobby. Republicans are just as scared of Koch, Mercer, and the TV preachers when it comes to seemingly unrelated issues such as oil and timber industry subsidies, overseas invasions, Jesus in the classroom, and equal voting rights.\n\nRepublican Congressmen who show the slightest independence on these key issues are \"primaried\" by well funded far right opponents, giving them little chance to even run for office in the next election. Oddly, those issues aren't even important to the billionaires who actually run this country. All they want is to push the buttons per focus group studies of the suckers who will then vote for their stooges, who in turn will reduce corporate taxes, pollution controls, estate taxes, and carbon dioxide emissions.\n\nThe whole world is laughing at us. We have no right to criticize, say, Venezuela, or Kazakhstan. \n\nThe best place to point a finger is at our media companies, especially television outlets. When a show such as History Channel shows up, it becomes a lot of  programs about brave clearcut loggers and storage wars. \n\nWe have become fatter, dumber, and angrier. Media companies don't want to insult their customers who read McDonald's and Ford Truck ads. Bezos or Zuckenberg could buy a new media company, and change the world- and our future. Let's see if these putative geniuses have the heart to do that.", "Nothing is going to change because nothing that has been proposed would make any difference.  Most gun homicides are by people who are already forbidden from possessing a gun.  Tell me how additional laws are going to change the behavior of those who are already breaking the law.\n\nMore guns does not mean more murders.  While the number of guns in the US has exploded since the early 1990's, the number of homicides has decreased dramatically.\n\nSo tell me what your \"common sense gun regulations\" are and demonstrate how would reduce homicides, recognizing, of course, that those who are going to murder aren't really worried about following the law.", "     I own guns.  I hunt with guns.  I own guns for self protection.  I am an American and have the right to do so.  But here's the deal.  Our government needs to control the sale of guns in this country.\n     Guns like the ones used in Las Vegas can be converted to full auto and shot with 30 (or more) round clips to do amazing damage in a very short time.  They have absolutely no civilian purpose and should be banned.  It is that simple.  In addition, we need to have a national data base of gun sales so that we know who is buying what and when.", "The third problem is us, you say. Well, what would you have us do? I vote against my Republican representative every two years and against my Republican senator every six years. Doesn't matter. They always win. I write them letters and emails and I call them. Doesn't matter. They always stand with the NRA. During the Clinton administration, I joined Million Mom March. I give money to the Ohio Coalition Against Gun Violence, to Gabby Giffords' Americans for Responsible Solutions, and to Sandy Hook Promise. Nothing works. Nobody listens. Congress never passes any sensible measures. We may be the third problem, but Congress has to pick up the ball on this at some point. ", "After Sandy Hook, change to gun laws that I would imagine most gun owners would support did not occur.  After Orlando, those changes still did not occur. If nothing changes, after over 600 are killed or injured in Las Vegas, what will it take until Congress addresses this?  One thousand killed or injured?  2000?", "I also believed that the massacre at Sandy Hook would convince the Congress that automatic weapons must be regulated, but we've seen that the NRA has the power to make Congress do it's bidding, no matter what.\nI would like to see a class action suit on behalf of all those killed and wounded in Las Vegas, directed at the US Congress for not enacting laws to get these horrible weapons off the streets of America.\nShort of an outright ban, the firing of these automatic weapons should be restricted to the gun ranges. How many innocent Americans have to die before our Congress puts the welfare of its citizens before its own self interests? It appears that over 600 of our fellow citizens will bear the scars of this horrific event, counting the wounded and families of the dead.", "While I applaud Steve Israel for speaking out and rightly condemning his fellow Republicans, he overlooks the fact that his party had control of the House, Senate, and Presidency at this date 8 years ago.  They had their chance. When Democrats flip-flopped on Assault Weapons, it was change I could not believe in.", "This is horrifying.  When the gun industry, through the NRA and similar lobbying groups can use its muscle and the threat of primarying to get elected representatives to vote against the safety of their constituents, it makes you wonder whether we are still truly a democracy.  The Republican representatives of each man, woman and child that has been killed in a senseless mass murder will tell us not to politicize the moment, that we should keep the victims in our thoughts and prayers and have a moment of silence because now is not the time.  It is never the time to discuss sensible gun control or background checks or address mental health. Our Republican representatives will then strategize on how to push forward the next bill that ensures that the terror won't end.  Prior to Rep. Steve Scalise being shot, Congress was planning to pass a bill allowing suppressors that greatly reduce the sound of the shots being fired.  They were going to take it up again soon, but now they'll wait a few weeks or months til the public is distracted by other things to push it through.  Relentless.  With elected representatives like these, who needs to fear ISIS?", "I can't imagine Trump doing anything.\nI can't imagine the NRA doing anything.\nI can't imagine Congress doing anything.\nI can't imagine large numbers of people doing anything.\n\nI can imagine gun manufacturers selling lots more product.\nMaybe free enterprise needs a little supervision and regulation?\nI can't imagine that happening. The money is just too powerful.", "Filibuster every bill in the Seante until there is action.  Every.  Bill.  And insist that the filibuster actually take place and make it in the form of reading the names of each and every victim of gun violence since 1970.  Let the Republicans vote to cut off that debate and make them do it over and over again.  ", "It doesn't matter one wit who we vote for anymore.  The 2010 Congressional district gerrymandering decided outcomes the moment the maps were approved.  Our votes no longer count at all and never will again unless the Supreme Court on Tuesday rules against partisan redistricting.  How do you think Trump's newly minted Justice, Neil Gorsuch, will rule on that decision?  I know I'm not holding my breath. ", "I have a good friend who've I known for over forty years and as his economic fortunes declined he obviously felt as if someone else was to blame. His refuge became the NRA and they had the perfect victim. I remember sitting in his living room at 6:00PM on a Saturday night waiting to go out to dinner when the phone rang, the NRA calling to say Obama's going to take your guns away and we need money to stop him. Money he didn't have but probably sent them. I'm haunted by the fact that increasingly there are more and more people with a compromised economic future who think guns will somehow save them.", "I disagree: all gun violence and illegal uses of firearms must be controlled at the point of sales.\nIn the tragic case of the Las Vegas shooting, the police has proved itself as lacking in foresight and competence, as might be expected of mercenary gunslingers, poorly trained in the use of arms and self control.\nA public concert held under the windows of high-rise buildings: no one thought of checking the residents of the upper floors? Those attending the concert? Watching the drivers in the vicinity?\nIt is easy to tear one's hair and beat oneself on the chest after the event ...", "While I agree with most of Steve Israel's comments, this sentence is bewildering: \"The National Rifle Association, once a supporter of sensible gun-safety measures, is now forced to oppose them because of competing organizations.\"\n\nThe NRA \"is now forced\" to oppose sensible gun-safety laws? The NRA isn't forced to do anything, and the members of Congress whom Wayne LaPierre threatens by withholding campaign financing are not forced to accept his money and do what he says. They choose to do this for their own gain.\n\nIgnorance and greed motivate the majority of our elected officials on this issue. That's not hyperbole. If it were otherwise, the majority who are not ignorant and/or greedy would pass effective gun control laws...as they would health care legislation that's directed toward people rather than insurance companies.\n\nWe are the tragically sad laughing stock country on the planet with our current leadership, and not just because of the guy in the White House.", "How much more tragic can this get when NRA scores matter more than human lives?  I really weep for this country and the future generations because egregious men have taken hold of the top levels of government. \n\nSo, so very sad that there is so much inertia by the GOP to do something about these senseless killings and yet they are working around the clock to deprive 30,000,000 Americans of their health care.  What kind of world do we live in?", "Buried in this column is the source of the problem (paraphrased): any vote for gun safety would make congressmen casualties in the next election.  The solution (tho I'll faint if it ever comes to pass) is term limits.  Senators and representatives get six years and then they're out.  You can break it up so that 1/3 of congress gets elected every two years (so there is overlap).  If folks don't have to worry about getting re-elected, maybe they'll do something good for America and not just themselves.", "Where in the 2nd Amendment does it say \"guns\" or \"rifles\" or \"pistols\"?  Nowhere - it says arms.  So I have the right to bear nuclear arms, right? Why not?  If I do not have the right to bare nuclear arms, it is only because the government has the responsibility and duty to make reasonable restrictions on the right to bear arms.", "The discussions about this issue inevitably start with a false premise: that being \"for the 2nd amendment\" means being \"against *any* restrictions on guns\".  This is a tricky narrative advanced by the NRA which makes it sound like if you want any restrictions on weaponry at all, then you're \"against the constitution\".  Already one of the performers from the Las Vegas show is quoted as saying \"I\u2019ve been for the 2nd Amendment my whole life. Until last night.\"  I appreciate his sentiment, but it plays right into the NRA's rhetorical trick.\n\nIndeed, this is a false choice.  I'm in favor of the 2nd amendment too.  But I'm also in favor of sensible gun control.  For sake of argument, let's start with nuclear weapons.  We can all agree that those shouldn't be sold at Wal-Mart.  Next consider rocket launchers and hand-grenades.  Again, not sold to my neighbors, please.  Clearly there is *some* reasonable line over which weaponry doesn't belong in the hands of civilians.  The argument should be about where this line is.\n\nThe idea that the only two options are to be either \"for\" or \"against\" a constitutional amendment ends the discussion before it even starts.", "These mass murders have a ritual nature to them.\n\nThe horrific act.\n\nThe non-stop media coverage for the first 24 hours. The body count, he eyewitnesses,  the motive, etc.\n\nThe Presidential statement calling for unity, prayer in light of cowardice, evil, etc.\n\nThe NRA and its paid for Congressmen and women, and the bots and trolls,  solemnly intoning:  this is not the time to talk about gun control\n\nThe moment of silence.\n\nAnd then... business as usual until the next shooting.\n\nAn outsider looking at this country might conclude that the country needs the occasional mass murder in some psychologically deviant way.  How else do you explain the fact that, with open carry laws, loose regulation and antipathy to mere discussion, we invite these episodic paroxysms?  ", "The basic point of having a government at all is to, at basic minimum, provide for the security of the people.  When the governing document of the country makes that impossible, when it has in fact allowed a society to slip into anarchy because we are actually following its guiding document to the letter, it is time to stop pointing fingers at each other and focus on the offending document.  The American experiment is over.  We gave it a good run with this constitution but the weaknesses of the whole system are becoming more and more apparent with every passing year.  We blame ourselves and worship a document.  It is time to tear it up, retire to our own separate corners and start over.  ", "The call to action at the end of this article is right on.  Americans can't sit complacently as mass shooting after mass shooting occurs with no examination of our gun legislation.  The NRA is a powerful lobby that has been able to manipulate Congress for far too long.  Additionally, the Judicial branch of our government contributed to the absurdities of our current weapon problem.  Justice Scalia authored the majority opinion in D.C. v. Heller, 554 U.S. 570 (2008), where the Supreme Court struck down a handgun ban that applied in the home, explicitly upholding the Second Amendment as a pre-existing INDIVIDUAL right for the first time. \n\nAs an Constitutional \"originalist,\" Scalia's opinion in D.C. v. Heller has made it easier for the NRA to sell the idea that ALL guns should be sold on the mass market to because every individual has the right to buy any weapon. Arguably, the framers of the constitution were considering the \"right to bear arms\" within the context of a militia, not as purely personal property.  Given modern technology, it is hard to comprehend why automatic weapons are something that every person could or should have access to. \n\nThe dangers presented by the NRA marketing gun ownership as an individual right are obvious when we see that one person can do such massive destruction.   Some guns should just be in the purview of our military.  And if, as a nation, we agree that driving a vehicle requires a license, isn't it obvious the same should be true with guns?", "From the perspective of an outsider living in a country with strong gun laws (and plenty of freedom), it seems obvious what has to be done, and that is, to match the income and expenditure of the NRA and its competitors with a flood of contributions from ordinary people  to the peak anti-gun body, which would then  do exactly what the NRA does i.e. make it very difficult for congress to ignore it.  As long as the anti-gun lobby is poorly funded, the present situation seems likely to continue. ", "Sir, with all due respect, I do not forget. I can not forget. I do not vote for candidates who do not support my views. I, however, am just one person, with just one vote, and without the necessary resources to make my views heard in a way that will change outcomes.\n\nI can telephone, or write letters, or send email messages to my elected officials until my heart is content, but make no mistake, if my opinion is not what those elected officials want to hear, or perhaps what the elected official's paymasters want the elected officials to hear, I will not be heard. It is as simple as that.\n\nI will continue to vote, and I will continue to speak my mind to my elected officials, but I am under no illusion that anything will change. I don't have enough money, I'm sorry I meant to say standing, to sway the discussion.", "What member of Congress should I call or write to? I live in a deep \"blue\" district in a deep blue state. My representative and Senators are already in favor of gun safety and, yes, gun control. But I have no influence over what happens in other states. The large number of states with small, more rural populations have a stranglehold in the Senate. And no amount of money will suffice to buy Senators back from the NRA. The death industry does not give back souls. And the Supreme Court justices are living in a 19th century fantasyland. \n\nDuring every one of these tragic events there are some very brave people who protect and help those in the line of fire. Maybe if some of them call out the cowards in Congress who tremble before the NRA they would find some courage to do what's right. ", "Congress has spent years trying to obstruct health care, the importance of which couldn't be more gravely underscored on days like today. It hasn't mattered when children have been killed, when the numbers of gun fatalities are at epidemic levels, or when another act of such utter depravity occurs, our Republican Congress will not lift a finger to act upon the real cause.\n\nAnyone who equates this with greatness should tell that to the victims. Our country is a horror show. ", "I take seriously the statement that the third problem is me, the reader.  I would be grateful for real-world, actionable, suggestions for steps that an average citizen can take that have even a small chance of making a difference on the national stage with regard to this issue.  If Congressional Representatives can't get Congress to consider an actual bill, or to take seriously the idea of serving constituents rather than the NRA, what exactly is the average voter to do?  I live in California - I can't use my vote to effect national change on this issue.  And I am not a Koch nor the NRA, I don't have millions of dollars with which to buy influence.  This is not a rhetorical question.  What can I do?", "Okay, I haven't turned the page and now my response is as follows.  There are probably as many crazy people in Japan as there are in America (on a proportionate basis) but why don't mass murderers exist in Japan?  The answer is the availability of weapons.  If Donald Trump would have had the cojones he might have suggested in his short address that he was sending a message to Congress to repeal the 2nd amendment.", "Mr. Israel, as  a devout defender of gun rights, I hold no malice  towards you or to the most ardent supporters of gun control.  You see, the debate is not really about self-defense, hunting or target shooting on the part of gun rights people, nor is it about banning this or that weapon, or background checks on the part of gun controllers.\n\nFor the gun rights people, it is about protecting liberty, even if yielding some liberty would for sure lead to some social benefits. And from the point of view of the gun control people, it is about fairness, care and protection for the less fortunate.  Both views are in tension, but both are legitimate and should be respected.", "There are two clauses in the Second Amendment.  \"A well-regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State,\"  is equally Constitution and binding as \"the right of the people, to keep and bear Arms, shall not be abridged.\"  It is not possible to validate one without the other.  They are equal, bound together as a single thought, and inalienable.  \n\nThe NRA has demanded absolute fealty to the second clause and covered, abused, undercut, ignored the first.  The extent of their frenzy to pretend that there are no parameters to gun ownership and use is clear in their acceptance of the ceaseless body count.  As the dead pile up, so do their excuses, their deflection and the size of their bribes.", "I vote for people who support gun control. I support Everytown. I don't know what else to do. I don't know what makes a difference.", "My first thought, upon hearing the news was, this isn't going to change anything.  You convinced me I'm right.  I live within walking distance of the UMC Trauma center, where many of the most serious victims were taken.  \n\nLas Vegas seems strangely normal today; no helicopters, no cruising police (except the cruisers barricading the Metro Plaza police HQ), no change in traffic (except the one block on Las Vegas Blvd which is closed.)  I guess there won't be a Las Vegas Strong, because no one seems affected (except the victims.)", "This issue illustrates why I believe that the future \"unity\" of this country is in serious doubt and should there be a split, I'd say to those states that love their guns more than their children's lives \"good riddance to them\".  We will never be able to get sensible gun control laws throughout this country within the next 20-odd years and why should decent people be forced to share a nation with people who, even after witnessing a mentally ill person get a weapon of war with practically no questions asked and slaughter 26 babes in Connecticut?  If THAT didn't move people then nothing will.  Take this issue together with the myriad others that divide this nation and I say that the time might soon be coming when some states say \"enough, we will NOT honor immoral laws that seek to inhibit our safety or diminish our freedoms.\" What is the federal government going to do?  Send in the army to occupy New York, Massachusetts, California and so on? Finally, did we win the War of Independence?  After 240 odd years to have arrived at THIS?  I for one would much rather have Queen Elizabeth as my head of state than the creature who inhabits the White House currently. ", "Steve Israel is preaching largely to the converted. Read the comments in response to the article on the massacre. Many of us are not inoculated -- we are outraged and heartbroken and feel helpless. Many of us do vote our conscience at every opportunity. \n\nBut we are defeated again and again by gerrymandering; by the demands of a minority who believe that the absolute right to own automatic weapons, even regardless of mental fitness, trumps the public welfare and the very lives of US citizens; and by the lobbying power and money of the NRA -- to the point where there's an actual gun lobby score against which Congress members are measured.\n\nSomeone please show us the way out of this national nightmare.", "Because of the power of the gun lobby, the US has pretty much become a shooting gallery.   We have learned much about responding to these tragedies and praise those who respond to and treat victims, which it seems, can be any of us at any time.  From our elected officials we hear the usual platitudes and often that this is not the time to talk about revising gun laws.\nWell I am sick and tired of hearing about preserving 2nd amendment rights at the cost of the rest of us giving up our rights to safely hear a concert, watch a film in a movie theater ot even attend class in elementary school.\nSomething must be done and is long overdue.   The majority of Americans want sensible gun laws, yet our demands fall on deaf ears time after time.  Our voices must be heard, our votes have to count.", "Unfortunately, I think this is correct.  If dead innocent children won't restrict war weapons, this won't either. Somehow the \"right to bear arms,\" of any kind, is more important than innocent people's right to live in this violent country.", "The national rifle association is a trade organization, and has been for some time. The profits of gun manufacturers and sellers are paramount. The more weaponry sold, the better. While there are many examples of lobbyists thwarting the will of the American people, the nra is the most egregious. And the most dangerous. Until Republicans decide that life and death issues are more important than their individual tenures in office, nothing will change. ", "I live in Massachusetts. My representatives in the House and the Senate vote the way I would like them to. What more can we in \"blue\" states do?", "I agree with Mr. Israel, we have become emotionally detached from the pain of seeing the suffering of others. Too many occasions can be listed, Assad killing his people by gas, Putin killing his adversaries or just walking into another country with a phantom Army, the nightclub killings in France, Columbine, Va. Tech and the list goes on. Some young people have become so detached they don't care about the people but the action of Police and the stories of the survivors as though it was a drama on TV, not real. We have no leaders to help us focus our efforts in solving the gun violence. We have no foreign leader to show us the way either. We are left with debating, silence, voting, and never really touching the subject. We do not want to point the finger at ourselves.\nOver 500 casualties. WOW! No foreign fighter has done this since 9/11. Can we change? The answer lies in our own history. Progress hurts and worse it can be deadly, but we have progressed. And so we will march on to that future when America finally becomes the country our founding fathers envisioned. Hang on, the roller coaster is not yet done, we have a long way to go. The good news, the GOP showed us exactly what we need to do. Vote them out, restructure our government and control the amount and type of weapons we allow our citizens to have until the day Americans decide that they no longer need them.", "Sadly, the only way this sorry state of affairs will come to an end is when a mass shooting event happens within the walls of the Capital.  Until then, our representatives will remain blinded to the public's suffering by the glaring draw of gun lobby campaign contributions.  Someone remind me again just why anyone needs an automatic weapon with a large magazine to go deer hunting.", "To many in Congress, NRA means money. Money means political power. We complete the equation by stating that political money is worth more than human life.", "Make the NRA pay for trauma centers all over the country. If they want to give guns out like candy, make them pay for the damage. What about that? Only money talks in this country. Financial pain is powerful.", "There are no comments much worth making. I published a blog in the wake of the Charleston shootings that included two attachments: one, Jon Stewart's Daily Show on the day of the shootings, a brilliant commentary available on YouTube, and a Pogo cartoon from 1971 that immediately came to my mind, \"We have met the enemy and he is us.\"  \n\nWe are a nation born in genocide, nurtured in the violence of slavery, in love with the violence of cowboys and mobsters, whose economy is built on the violence of poverty.  It seems, then, a doomed hope that the powerful among us will stand against the instruments of violence.  \n\nThose who have dared have often found themselves the victims of violence.\n\nThank you. Steve Israel for saying it again.  ", "Yes indeed. Today it's \"above the fold\" front page news. In a few days, after the profiles of the victims are displayed(or at least the photogenic ones who are mothers and special ed teachers and nurses) and the moments of silence and the memorials with candles and hymns, we will move on. The friends and relatives of those murdered will bury their dead and mourn them. Those profoundly injured will try to return to the lives they once led. The stock market will boom. Gun stocks will climb as people rush to purchase guns and ammo out of a needless fear that maybe this time we will act to end the madness. But we won't. \n\nWhat will it take? If a bunch of murdered first graders didn't do it I don't know what will. Clearly we need elected officials with spines who aren't fearful they won't be elected if they anger the NRA and the gun lobby. We need elected officials who will answer to all of those Americans who are horrified by the madness consuming our country. And we need a president who does more than just tweet his condolences. ", "When the relatively mild legislation proposed post-Sandy Hook failed, I knew that this country will never pass sensible gun legislation. If the vicious slaughter of 20 elementary schoolchildren and six teachers was not enough to bring this country to its senses, nothing will. Ever. The numbers will climb, but the narrative will remain the same.\nI am grateful to Rep. Israel for trying to fight the good fight, but I despair of this country. ", "I can stay on top of issues, vote, write comments to the NY Times, and talk to friends and colleagues. If the author has any other suggestions for dealing with the gun problem, let's hear them. \n\nThere's no law in this country that is unlimited. We have freedom of speech, but that does not mean you can yell fire in a movie theater. We have freedom of religion but we can't use it as an excuse for taking mind-altering drugs. Our Supreme Court has ruled that gun ownership is a right. Fine, but that does not mean the right has no boundaries. \n\nIf anybody has suggestions, please speak up. ", "Nothing will change, and yet it is not that hard. Leave people the right to own handguns and rifles, but not allow people to own instruments of death that can mow down hundreds in seconds.", "You are right. My congressional rep. told me the same thing years ago.\nIf the masses (yes, I know the quip) don't wake up to sensible gun reform, we are set to see far more of this. Not from folks with legitimate firearms who like to hunt, or need protection, but the crazies and/or the Islamic fringe.\nThis country can fix what's wrong, but it seems more ordinary people prefer more guns, not fewer. Unless the polls are skewed to lie. It's not just the strangle hold of the NRA on Congress.\nLast night's shooting spree could NOT have been stopped by people with arms. Pumping more ammo into society isn't the answer. But not allowing most gun owners to purchase automatic weapons could be a good starting point.\nHow about putting the main NRA leaders on the talks shows and grill them?\nA little discomfort, and some gutsy questions, might just serve as a wake up call.", "I am ready, willing, and able to do whatever I can to stop proliferation of guns, especially automatic weapons.  Australia is the best example of a county that hit a critical mass of gun violence and took effective action to reverse and control it. This article propels me to action, but where and how?  I guess its time to hit the streets again.", "Nevada has weak gun laws and certainly this mass killing and wounding couldn;t  have been accomplished in the way it was without the shooter having access to all those high powered automatic rifles and ammunition. Anything that would discourage possession of such weapons would be socially helpful. Still our country is awash in guns and it is probably arguable that you can;t keep guns out of the reach of someone who really wants to use them, that only law abiding people obey laws, including gun laws. /what is needed is a change in social values, a social preference for restricting or doing away with this heavy weaponry rather than a social valuing of the \"right to  bear arms.\" Something also needs to change in the matter of our social divisiveness, the  current tearing apart of the social bonds that unite our society. These random but increasingly frequent shootings may  be a symptom of our social disunity", "Thank you for this honest and insightful piece.", "It's time to talk about the Second Amendment. Seriously, it doesn't mean anyone can own a machine gun. No plausible reading could bring one to that conclusion.", "If I hear one more congressperson offering their \"thoughts and prayers\" and insisting THIS is not the time to be discussing politics I'm going to go insane. Not this time and not any other time apparently. \n\nIt's time to step up folks and actually enact some sensible gun-control laws. \n\nI don't know what I'd do if I had a relative who was a victim and 45 offered me his \"heartfelt condolences\", but I do know I wouldn't be nice. ", "Now even more so than before. How else are we going to protect blood and soil?", "To Demagogue 45 and the gun-loving, NRA loving, people of congress, while history shows that in similar terrorist attacks that you are completely incapable of doing so, conscious people around the world are calling on you to keep your hollow \u201cour prayers and thoughts are with you\u201d platitudes buried in your hollow, pathetic, and empty souls.  \n\nA demagogue who shows love for Nazi\u2019s and white supremacists along with a congress that failed to passed tough guns laws after the execution and slaughter of 26 babies, speaks volumes about what is really in your pathetic souls.  \n\nAnd to white America writ large, spare the victims and their families your, \u201che must have been mentally ill\u201d or \u201cwhat made him snap\u201d analysis--the labels that are reserved for WHITE MALE TERRORISTS! ", "It's never going to change because Congress is full of money grubbing low lifes.", "Yes there is something that every member of Congress can do.  Stand up for the truth!  Speak the truth!  Stop talking in vague generalities.  Stop excusing bald face lies as just a difference of opinion and therefore legitimizing the lies.\n\nMany people, including many longtime Democrats, have little to no faith in their representatives.  Many believe that there is little if any difference between either party.  That belief opened the door for Donald Trump.\n\nThe stranglehold that the gun lobby has over us is caused by a widespread tolerance for the lies.  That also opens the door for legitimizing hate.  \n\nHere is what all you have to do.  Fall on your swords for the good of the nation.  Don't be concerned about getting reelected.  Fix the problems.  Address gun control once and for all.  \n\nWe are dying.  Our nation is flooded with high powered firearms that no one needs.  This shooter used an automatic weapon.  He fired from 400 yards away and 300 feet up.  No hunter or homeowner needs such a weapon.  He had thousands of rounds of ammunition.  This is sheer madness! \n\nWe can't have a discussion about guns or address the problem so long as the truth is absent from discussion and people are too afraid to open their mouths for fear of losing an election.\n\nThink about the people that threw their bodies over others to protect them from the bullets.  Show just a tiny bit of courage and stand up to the gun lobby.  We are dying.     ", "Israel is right, unless the public rises up in righteous anger.  Too many current GOP'ers were in Congress in 2004 when GOP'ers let the assault weapons ban expire:\n\nhttps://www.washingtonpost.com/archive/politics/2003/05/14/gop-will-let-...\n\nAnd those that weren't there in 2004 were in office in 2013 when GOP'ers buckled under NRA pressure and gun-makers lobbying, despite the fact even overwhelming numbers of GOP'ers and gun owners (not to mention Dems and Independents) favored stronger background checks after Sandy Hook:\n\nhttp://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/211321-poll-most-gun-ow...\n\nClear examples of what Citizens United and the McCutcheon decisions have wrought, in terms of unlimited campaign contributions in the dark to fund primary challenge efforts, and the cowering of Congress in front of pressure groups.\n\nIt's un-American, and fully representative of the fact Congress no longer represents us - they represent the donors - and the donors only.", "Change will come.  Change is happening even now. No one can predict exactly when the turning point will come, but it will come.\n\nSaying that nothing will change encourages people to despair and fail to act to make the small changes that result in large changes. ", "If after Sandy Hook a Bill which was extremely limited in curtailing gun rights and included things like funding for security in school districts could be defeated by the NRA it's hard ( and scary) to imagine what would change the equation. ", "And what would Israel suggest we do? When a fanatical minority is apparently able to dictate the agenda for the rest of us, it's hard to know what to do. Protesting, voting, funding, rallying--don't seem to make any difference. Gun owners and gun right supporters need to start speaking up and voting. I know many are for sensible controls. I'll be watching carefully to see what the Supreme Court decides about gerrymandering and voicing my protest if they reinforce this practice. But I'm not sure what we can do when with this and so many other issues, the minority is running is the show.", "Unfortunately you are correct.  I shake my head.  I wonder who would do such a thing.  I think the gun people will say \"more guns!  if only there were more guns!\".  And I KNOW that nothing will happen, absolutely.  There is no tragedy horrific  enough to get republicans to vote on ANY restrictions whatsoever, no matter how logical, how sane.  People on the do not fly list?  People with mental illness?  Not fair!  Taking away their liberties!  Gun sales are probably up today and if not, tomorrow. So I will continue to vote for people who are not in the pocket of the gun lobby. But sadly, I know nothing will happen and this will not only go on, but get worse.  So sad.", "What is it the military keep warning us about the mindset that develops when you have weaponry: \"When you have a hammer, everything looks like a nail.\"\nWhy should it be any different in civilian life? When you have the mindset to amass weapons whose only purpose is to kill lots of people, everyone starts looking like a target.\nTools are to be used.\nLook directly at the NRA and the manufacturers who enable this carnage. And look at the leaders who refuse to act to protect their citizens. And the bellowing leaders whose nasty divisive rhetoric incites people to violence.", "This scathing indictment of our spineless, bought-and-paid-for Congress should be reprinted in every newspaper in America. On the other hand, why belabor the obvious? We have the best government that money can buy. So, as he says, nothing will change. ", "You're right sir, we won't change a thing.  This is, unfortunately, one of the costs of living in the largest 3rd world country on the planet. :(", "The headline is right.  There will be outrage and a lot of noise, and the NRA will continue it's thing and Congress will continue to ignore the problem.  Oh, a bunch of Senators and Reps will make gurgling noises, but that is just because it's a great opportunity to do so.  Shame on us all---especially the gun loving supporters of the NRA."]