["The details surrounding the case are in no way unique. Indeed, we are hearing the same thing we've heard a thousand times: no criminal record, no record of violence, seemed like a normal guy, no one could have predicted it. \n\nLet us state in CLEAR and UNEQUIVOCAL terms exactly what this means: \n\nIt means that the guy living next door, or across the street or the guy delivering your groceries or the guy you share an office with who happens to be a gun owner could flip and murder you at any time, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year and there is absolutely no way to protect yourself or your loved ones. The more guns present in your particular vicinity, the greater the likelihood you will, at some point, be murdered. \n\nThat's what it means. ", "I suspect this was a simple case of \"suicide by cop\".\nHe knew that if he made a big enough bang, that the cable networks would put him on the air for hours... or even days, if he made it really big.\n\nHe had years of watching the reactions from newscasters, cops, newspapers and the neighbors after every mass murder from dozens of countries - especially our own.\n\nNo, he wasn't a garden variety terrorist, didn't give a fig about religion. Didn't care about politics. Wasn't grinding any axe.\n\nHe was a hobbyist. His love was guns, guns, and more guns. How to go out in a \"blaze of glory\" with them?\nHe probably lovingly considered every angle: Who, what, when, where and how - the credo of journalism.\nThe only question: \"Why\"? he would let them dither on.\nWhy? Because he was done, but why rant, rave and wave a gun in a sterile bland neighborhood when he could have fame? Maybe set a record? Now, how to do that...?\n\nAnd, here's the warning.\nThere's a lot of \"No where Man\" men out there, just waiting.\nHe's now given them a blueprint. Why blow away just the kids and the wifey when, with just a little imagination.....?\n\nNewsworld: You have got to stop giving second by second, 24/7 coverage to these nuts. Tighten it up. Focus on the victims, yes - but stop giving these murderers more than their \"15 minutes of fame\". You have given this creep days, obliterating every other news events of this entire world.\n\nWake up. You're just creating more of them.\nStop.", "As Constituents write to your Congressman and tell them we need stricter gun laws to keep guns out of the hands of mentally ill individuals.  We need longer wait time to acquire firearms and a mechanism to keep any individual from building an arsenal.  The father of the shooter, spent eight years on the FBI's Most Wanted List and was described as a \"psychopath\"; it is obvious that mental illness ran in the family.  I am surprised that the NY Times, made no mention of this fact, whatsoever.", "How can one make sense of insanity?", "What's strange is that usually a terrorist or a mass murderer makes his goals purposely stated, proclaims them or makes them obvious. Maybe this case is closer to Germanwings Flight 9525 when Andreas Lubitz killed 150 people.", "In a NYT Picks The Inquisitor (New York) writes:\n\n\"This did not happen 30 years ago. The NRA has fostered a gun loving culture to boost profits for the gun industry. Got a problem? Shoot people. They have the blood of thousands on their hands.\"\n\nHow about this \u2013\n\nThis did not happen 30 years ago. Hollywood has fostered a gun loving culture to boost profits for the movie industry. Got a problem? Imitate the movies. They have the blood of thousands on their hands.", "Tax certain guns and ammo like tobacco to pay for the damage.", "Remember Trump tweeting the morning after the London Underground bombing?\n\nYet it's 'not appropriate' for Americans to talk about gun control today?", "Very simple:\nRegister every fire arm sold in a data base kept by:? (Who ever the paranoiacs will allow) and check it for multiple sales every day. Who ever buys more than 4/year becomes a person of interest - either as an illegal gun runner or a potential nut case. HORRORS government interference?", "Have you ever wondered why car insurance is a requirement for cars not for a gun? Gun owners should be required to carry liability insurance with their weapons. Security guards, from what I understand, must do this.", "The US Civil War is a dividing line in American intellectual history.\nBefore it, religion mattered most. Afterward, it was science.\nWho cares about right and wrong when only winners and losers matter.\nPower and money determine Rippors and Rippees.\nGet the gold!\nSix years ago, I asked a professor emeritus of psychiatry at major State U\nwhat is the greatest concern in your profession?\nHis answer? - The sudden and abrupt rise in psychopathy around the early 80's.\nCorporate irresponsibility trumped individual conscience.\nIndividuals feel victimized and lash out. They're blamed.\nWe have a perfect President. That's what he does.\nThe ultimate winner who sees no vulnerability or responsibility.\nHe doesn't show empathy for people or environment. Only winning and a claque.\nIt's a Brave New World we live in.\n\nConsider Ted Kaczynski - Unabomber\nHe went to Harvard to learn -- the hard way\nthat the CIA was using him and 20 others in an MK-Ultra (mind control) experiment.\nThey're asked to write down their core beliefs for later discussion.\nWhen they met again, the \"researcher\" used the self-descriptions to shred all they held dear -- to destroy their sense of self.\nTed manufactured and sent letter bombs to random scientists. A few were killed, more injured.\nDescriptions call him \"twisted\". They don't mention MK Ultra.\nHis mind, education money, and PhDs might have contributed something constructive if experiments sought to affirm (as with porpoises) -- rather than destroy.", "It is inconceivable she had no knowledge of Paddock's aims and plans. ", "Everyone seems to yearn for a motive. Does it really matter what drove a deranged mind to such heinous act? \n\nWhat enabled this lunatic was that anyone in this country, deranged or not, legally or not, enjoys access to what we may call weapons of mass destruction.", "Trump can call the shooter whatever he wants. But if he does nothing about gun control, he's just as sick....complicit in the killing.", "I was aware that some altered sears to convert semi-automatic weapons to full automatic, but I was unaware of these \"bump stocks.\" I did a quick Google search and sure enough, many, many leads to sites offering them for sale for AR-15's as well as AK-47's, not very expensive either considering the original weapon's cost. To allow these sales is sick. Interestingly a major sports retailer, Cabela's, pops up often, but if you follow those links they lead to error messages related to page not found. Hmm, I wonder why. Personally, Cabela's will no longer get my business. The Second Amendment may guarantee the right to bear arms, but it says NOTHING about the kind of weapon.", "It's hard to take seriously the claim that one brother made his other brother and family wealthy, yet the other brother knows so little about his benefactor, other than that he was a wealthy gambler. It could be a case of grotesque dysfunction: take the money but keep your distance.  I guess stranger things have happened.\nThe Los Angeles Times reports that the shooter wasn't so loving to his girlfriend as his brother portrays. Rather, he openly humiliated her in public places, according to servers at a place they frequented.\nAnother thing that doesn't seem to jive is if he were so happy and wealthy as a high-stakes gambler, why was he applying for jobs?\nBut it's all conjecture at this point and may remain so.  I do think it's important to try to understand the motive, which we may find to be that he\nwas a deeply anti-social person who was also frustrated in his quest to find  a sense of worth through real work. Maybe he descended into a resentment-fueled madness.\nBut it's more important to look to the future and fix our outrageously lax gun laws. Funny how a Democratic Senator (and woman) has been calling for the ban of bump stocks for years and GOP leaders are still waffling...", "Trump really doesn't have a clue about how to publicly respond to a disaster. Telling people in Vegas what happened was 'in many ways a miracle' and the people in Puerto Rico that they should be 'proud' that 'only' 16 people died. I get it; he thinks he's just focusing on the positive, that it could have been worse, but come on man, people died here. It's nothing less than a devastating disaster, a national crisis. Don't use language that makes it seem rosy. There's a world of difference between saying \"things could have been a lot worse, thank you law enforcement for your hard work\" and saying what happened was in any way a \"miracle\".", "Gun prices will be going up, and inventories will move again. Since Trump was elected, and gun rights no longer threatened, gun shops have been having a hard time. When it looked like Clinton was going to win, there was a rush to buy guns and ammunition. There will be another rush now. Watch the gun racks empty.", "\u201cFreedom\u201d needs reframing in the USA. Owning weapons doesn\u2019t define it. Being able to exist without fear of weapons does.", "There's something fishy with this whole story. How does a retired 64yo just go on rampage and kill", "Considering Stephen Paddock's brother is the only person saying Mr. Paddock was well-to-do, and seeing as Mr. Paddock was a known high-stakes gambler, is it fair to guess the story will turn out to be Mr. Paddock was a flat-broke grifter living a double life, way outside his means on borrowed or conned money, and something was going to expose him or cave his world in, so rather than quit living the lie and face the consequences he snapped and went out raging at the world he felt had sucked him into a nightmare?", "Hmmm, Republican \"solutions\" in a nutshell...problem: huge deficits/solution: tax cuts...problem: heathcare access/solution: taking away healthcare from millions...problem: gun violence/solution: more guns...I think I see where the real \"problem\" lies here.", "I know how to stop the gun madness. \n\nBlack and brown people should start clambering loudly about their first amendment right to own multiple assault weapons.\n\nI bet guns would be banned in no time.", "Oblige me..............I've been thinking a lot about this massacre. Paddock was trying to start a war. He amassed an arsenal, had a foreign girlfriend he probably sent out of the country before she was detained by ICE, was probably disturbed by current events and was likely a Democrat or sympathizer. The common social stereotype of Country Music fans is that they are Conservative Republican leaning people. He prepared for this well in advance and managed to get a strategic location for attacking a gathering of those fans. He was trying to start a war. I believe my theory will pan out. The Trouble is, If I'm right, the authorities will never make it public. I'm a Democrat follower, most times. I'm trying to help. We need to confront the political social heat present in this nation before it boils over.", "We need to start changing some of the language we use, to move forward with meaningful change, and an ensuing reduction in gun deaths:\n\nSTOP calling toddlers and children who die by way of a loaded gun that either they or another toddler/child found....stop referring to these deaths as ACCIDENTS.  These deaths are all the result of PARENTAL NEGLIGENCE.  Any 'responsible gun owner' would not have enabled something like this to occur by way of their negligence.  Such parents should be CHARGED with CHILD NEGLECT and all other children TAKEN AWAY from them.\n\nWe need to stop using the term Gun Control, as this makes gun afficionados see Red.  We need to come up with a better term.... Weaponry Registry and Database Management ...or something.", "Um? Just like the stupid Cop Shows, the cops hide from the shooting and the swat team insists on making a dramatic raid up on the 32nd floor, just like on TV! Why didn't the Swat team have a few snipers on the street behind their military Congress provided armored carrier? It would have been a quick end to Paddock and the killing.", "There's one question that I would like to ask all those that are adement about gun rights. Do you feel that if your son or daughter was at that concert that you owning an assault rifle would have made them any safer of if they had a weapon at that concert it would have prevented any killings?The obvious answer is no. What would have helped to protect them are laws that prevent a deranged individual from legally purchasing asault weapons. I agree it's the people that cause the killing, but let's stop making it easier for them.", "It's absolutely ridiculous that an individual can stockpile weapons and ammo at this level and not raise red flags among the various agencies that are charged with maintaining law and order, protecting our country and identifying threats to our homeland defense. Absolutely pathetic. Why bother spending trillions rooting out ISIS when these domestic nut jobs, and their enablers in the NRA and congress, are doing a better job than ISIS at slaughtering Americans. Fix this now!", "President Trump on Tuesday called Mr. Paddock \u201ca sick man, a demented man,\u201d adding that \u201cwe are dealing with a very, very sick individual.\u201d\n\nIs this not ALSO a description of himself?", "As an Australian I'm very interested to know why an amendment to a document 220  years old holds so much weight? Other important scientific (and otherwise) documents don't. Get with the times people! \n\nYou seem like a third world country where anyone with a grievance can just shoot people the street. Aren't you meant to be a leader of the world 'cos from where I'm sitting you seem more like South Sudan.", "The flags were at half-mast today.  What an impotent display.  The flag should be flown half-mast every day there is a mass shooting with more than four casualties.  Now that would resonate.", "I think we need to declare the NRA a terrorist organization, since it has brought more violence upon this soil than any other. There also needs to be a conversation about decommissioning semi-automatic weapons. If the IRA could do it, so can we. ", "Insanity is doing the same thing expecting different results.  Until Congress does something to protect people we will continue to see body counts rise with each new massacre.\n\nThis is neither \"well-regulated\" nor \"militia\" - it is mindless, senseless mass murder encouraged by the NRA and aided and abetted by an equally mindless, senseless government.", "A few thoughts:\n1- We need to make sure anyone who needs mental health care has access to it (medication, therapy, etc). Whether the weapon is a gun, a car, a bomb or a knife, the mentally ill need to be treated so that they are less likely to act out with one of the above weapons.\n2- Parents who are concerned about their young adult children attending colleges where there are open or concealed carry laws for guns on campus might want to think twice about supporting  such schools. Nothing like taking a hit to the endowment or out of state tuition enrollment numbers for colleges to reconsider these rules.\n3-  Someone please rank congress members on their NRA \u201cgrades\u201d so that voters will know who the biggest NRA supporters are. I\u2019m sure this has been done, but publicize it again.  If you want congress to enact gun legislation, vote against the staunchest NRA supporters!\n4- If you know, see or hear something (about someone who you believe might be planning a violent attack) day something!", "I wouldn\u2019t be surprised if this latest violent attack demonstrably chills foreign tourism in the U.S.\nI sure would think twice about coming here.\nLately I\u2019ve thought about which states (with lax gun laws) I would not consider visiting. We travellers and tourists, whether American or international, can vote with our wallets.", "I was in Las Vegas this past weekend, including Sunday, and could hardly believe what was being reported on the radio on my way back home to LA.  We had been in the Luxor Hotel, next door to Mandalay Bay, just hours before the shooting began.  That late afternoon everyone seemed so relaxed, couples enjoying ambling down Las Vegas Boulevard with multi-layered frozen margarita drinks or foot-high beers in hand,  tourists snapping away with their smartphones taking pictures of the Eiffel Tower or the Bellagio's dancing water fountains, gamblers casually going in and out of open casinos still swirling in cigarette smoke without visible security barriers, people enjoying themselves together in a kind of shared collective suspension of religion, politics, ideology, the usual divides that separate people from each other.  \n\nWho could then imagine that in the midst of this seemingly carefree, happy zone was an extraordinarily angry, evil man secretly plotting to kill and destroy as many innocent people and their families as possible? \n\nThe tragic loss of human life is not the only casualty inflicted by this murderer.  I doubt that people will ever again feel quite so secure letting down their guard in Las Vegas.  It is a shame but now Las Vegas joins all the other cities where people look over their shoulders and judge the intentions of the strangers in their midst.  ", "this was the day after yom kippur, the holiest day of the Jewish calendar when the judgment is sealed. the prayers say who will die at their destined time and who will die not at their destined time. Obviously, each and everyone of those persons whose lives were cut short were not at their destined time. This is one of the mysteries of life. The \"why\" we will never know. From the stories of family members of the victims, each one of the victims was a shining light on the world. Let us always remember them for good and mark the day, October 1, in the calendar as a day of rememberance and introspection.   ", "What to do? Because the government has decided that it wants guns to be available without infringement, it should be willing to pay for the expense associated with this \u201cfreedom.\u201d This should include security and compensation.\n\nSadly, it is probably time to consider adding armed guards at all elementary and high schools, as well as colleges and universities. The Federal government should cover these costs. In addition, the government should establish a fund to generously compensate victims of mass violence, not only for those murdered, but also to pay for the rehabilitation of the injured. This program could gradually be extended to cover all victims of gun violence.\n\nIf the crazy majority in Congress insists that guns be available to all with only limited restrictions, then they must pay the cost. Will this ever happen? Probably not, but it is the only solution I can imagine at this juncture in our history. Hopefully a more enlightened era will eventually rewrite the 2nd amendment to better control the distribution of guns.", "Like a number of people commenting, I am from Australia. After a mass shooting in 1996 that resulted in the deaths of 35 people, our government passed some of the strictest gun control legislation, as well as a buyback and amnesty scheme to take the guns out of the community. The result: there has not been another mass shooting. That's 21 years. It is quite literally a daily occurrence in the US.\n\nThink for a moment about the nuclear tensions between NK and the US (or think back to the cold war if you can remember it). Each player has the power to wreak unimaginable devastation on the other at any moment. How safe does that make you feel? If everyone has a gun, then no-one is safe. I don't understand how opponents of gun control can't see that. ", "Switzerland is a nation with home ownership of very serious military firearms. Yet, they are one of the safest nations with one of the lowest crime rates on the planet. Why don't we allow them to teach us how that is done?", "It's sad that, thanks to the NRA, ISIS just has to stand back and watch Americans slaughter one another, then claim responsibility.", "It's the person not the means.  The fixation that somehow gun control laws would stop a tragedy like this is just plain stupid.   The guy owned two private planes.  if he didn't have guns he probably would have dive bombed one into this crowd for a similar effect.  Why did he do it?  That is what needs to be solved and prevented.", "This guy amassed 47 guns, and no one saw any red flags. The Second Amendment to our Constitution begins with these words, \"\"A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State,...Are there any \"WELL REGULATED MILITIAS\" in our country? If so, who regulates them? What regulations are they required to follow? Who wrote the regulations, or demanded that none be enforced? The NRA? They're really just lobbyists for the gun, ammo and shooting accessory manufacturers. They get 90% of their money from those same manufacturers. They pressured (or bribed) Republican't politicians to overturn the Obama rules that would have limited the ability of mentally unsound people to purchase firearms. They want to make silencers legal. Imagine how many more people would have died if this mad man had fully-silenced weapons. Is that what moderates, Independents, NRA members, socialists, Democrats and christians want for our nation? Fully-silenced, fully-automatic military type weapons in the hands of mentally unsound people, and people who are banned from flying on commercial flights because they are considered too dangerous to trust? That's another group of 'very nice folks' that the Republican't politicians think make good gun owners. Why do we ban those convicted of a non-violent, victimless crime like possession of some cannabis from owning guns legally, but not ban the mentally unsound and suspected terrorists? Because they are all members of a \"well regulated militia\"?", "20 plus thousand in attendance at a country music festival.... What percentage of them do you think also own firearms? My guess is a lot. None of which were a threat to their peers around them. The point is, many firearm owners are capable of being responsible & peaceful Americans who would never dream of inflicting the harm that this shooter did. Do not generalize gun owners. Yes there are many problems this Nation faces... The mere fact that guns exist is not one of them. ", "If I remember correctly, federal courts ruled that the 2nd amendment rights do not include ownership of semi-automatic weapons, and I would think not these bump stocks.  I think it was in relation to an assault weapons ban in Connecticut.\n\nThere will always be people who are mentally ill, depraved, psychopathic or so deeply disconnected to have lost their connection to humanity.  Making such powerful weapons widely available is insane.\n\nAnd can we take down the gun lovers, gun manufacturers, and NRA's \"any gun-anywhere-anytime\" interpretation of the 2nd amendment?  It is a fraud.\n\nThere are things we can do.  ", "Who cares what motivated this guy. One thing that is not needed is speculation about the shooter! This is precisely what motivates all the mass shooters of the world; they don't want to commit suicide and go out with a whimper, they want FAME, and they always get it. Harry Chapin wrote a brilliant song about it decades ago, and he eloquently explained why these guys do it. The WHY doesn't matter, it's the HOW that's the problem. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dT1cxP3JT0c", "Who in the hell made this \"bump stock\" legal?  Apparently one model has been advertised on YouTube since 2011, and the ad claims it's ATF approved! \n\nThis bump stock device makes a semi-automatic AR-15-style rifle shoot very much like a military M16: capable of continuous fire at 400 to 900 rounds per minute!\n\nHowever, a bump stock AR-15 IS NOT CONSIDERED AS AN AUTOMATIC WEAPON because it does not meet the governnment's arcane definition. That means the bump stock is the perfect work-around to go fully automatic without going to jail.   \n\nHere's my two cents. Much as I support the Second Amendment, together, the obdurate NRA, a spineless Congress, and ATF have allowed a dangerous technology available to the public based on a technicality. My proposal is require all non-sporting semi-automatic rifles to be registered and that no modifications that affect the operation of these weapons should be allowed. \n\nThe Second Amendment is a right, but it is not an unlimited right.  We need to debate this issue and find a reasonable balance.  No civilian NEEDS a semi-automatic assault rifle, and many do not have the training or discipline to operate one properly.  That goes 500 times more for a fully-automatic weapon.\n\nControl does not equal confiscation. We've allowed hard-core gun advocates to game the system for far too long.  Time has come today to change the rules.", "It's pretty incredible that the word terrorist cannot be found once in this article. This was a terrorist attack and avoiding that label perpetuates the idea that white people aren't terrorists but brown people are.", "For all those who think banning assault weapons is the answer, you forget.  We did that once before.  1994,  Bill Clinton's Brady Bill banning assault weapons.  Did it stop the 1997 N. Hollywood shootout?  Nope.  Did it even make a dent in gun violence in the 10 years it was in effect?  Nope, here's the article on that: https://www.nytimes.com/2014/09/14/sunday-review/the-assault-weapon-myth...\n\nWhat it did do if you read the book \"American Terrorist\" was prompt Timothy McVeigh on April 19th, 1995 to blow up the Alfred P Murrah Federal Building in OKC,OK killing 168 men, women, and children and injuring 680+ making McVeigh the single worst mass killer on US soil.    We know exactly why he did it, he told us before he was executed.  He attacked the federal government for its intrusion into civil rights.   \n\nBanning assault weapons, the NY times article above shows it doesnt work.  The 1997 N Hollywood shootout proves it didnt work.   Timothy McVeigh proved what it can cause some nut job to do. ", "The state of Nevada is considered to be a \"swing state\" for election purposes.\nIf this tragic event does not drive their voters to the polls to vote as Democrats - for strong gun control measures -  then what will so motivate them escapes me.\n\nGet your act together Nevada voters and squash the GOP before their failure to support gun and ammunition control puts us all on a firing line, somewhere or other and sooner or later.\n\nThe GOP is wedded to the NRA and gives them misguided obeisance without letup.\nTheir nonsensical reasoning for their misguided support of NRA murderer enablers defies common sense, decency, and a basic regard for human life.\n\nLet this event in Nevada be a wake-up call for effective Congressional legislation to stop the NRA in its tracks.\nConnecticut Senator Chris Murphy will lead the way ..... and for good reason.", "So our heroic police stormed the room nearly an hour after the last shots were fired? Not impressed considering 550+ people had been already killed/wounded.", "American society now reminds me of that scene in \"Airplane\" where the terrorists are carrying automatic weapons through the metal detector without it going off or the guards paying any attention. Then a little old lady goes through, the metal detector alarms and the guards jump up and begin beating her with night sticks. We got terrible priorities. ", "I hadn't realized how quickly the police and hotel found the shooter. Ten minutes!\nIt it is probably the end of hosting concerts in areas that are susceptible to snipers. They could try to use technology to improve safety, ai systems to watch window integrity and balcony activity. Sniffers for indicative chemicals. That will probably be done anyway. But it will be better to stop scheduling concerts in areas like this one. ", "There is no way this sort of equipment, or automatic weapons of any sort should be in the hands of Americans who are not on active military duty.  Hunters--those who are truly sportsmen and women--don't need them; people who want firearms to protect and defend themselves can do just fine with pistols, rifles and shotguns.  Automatic weaponry is designed for one thing only--killing masses of people.  This is not rocket science for most Americans and most gun owners; it is, unfortunately, for the majority of our feckless and spineless Congress. The Second Amendment has no bearing on this issue.  There is no provision in the Constitution for automatic weaponry (of course), so stop trying to act as if it has.  It's a \"well-REGULATED militia.\"", "Stop pointing to Chicago!  The fact is all these massive shootings happened in the U.S.A.  No other country has this big of problem--no other country has this many guns!", "from 1982 to 2012 5.4 million people died from the cold\n\nlets ban winter\n\n 0ver 37000 people a year die in road crashes in the US\n1600 children 15 or under die  in car accidents each year\n\nlets ban cars\n\n818 people a year die from bicycle accidents\n\nlets ban bicycles\n\nThe FBI reports you are more likely to be beaten to death than to be murdered by someone using a rifle of any sort.\n\nlets ban hands\n\nHeck lets make it illegal to get shot, then only criminals will get shot!\n\nLets be clear these  people are not concerned with saving lives\nif they were they would ban cigarettes--Cigarette smoking is responsible for more than 480,000 deaths per year in the United States\n\nor salt---1.65 million deaths a year are attributable to sodium intake.\n\nor sugar--Sugary drinks kill 184,000 a year through diabetes, heart disease and cancer\n\nor abortion-- 825,256 so far this year as of me typing this sentance\n\nso lets be clear these folks  don't care about saving lives they care about cashing in on a tragedy, making bank from politicizing it and trying to make sure that the people who obey laws and dont abuse guns cant have them", " Growing up in the US, watching tv, seeing probably 1000's of scenes of people being shot and killed, and all the movies, Clint Eastwood, Charles Bronson, Kojak etc. somehow made all that shooting and killing  seem normal, understandable, justifiable, even brave and noble.\nAs someone  that has done, and continues to do a lot of work on exercising my personal demons, I've has to admit to myself that there's a part of me that would like to have a gun, feel safe, empowered, martial, deadly. But I haven't gone down that path. I saw it for what it is. The domain of the aggression, hatred, cruelty, dominance and a dark backwater on the continuum of human potential that perhaps served a purpose as our species scraped and clawed it's way through the eons, to survive and ultimately thrive. But this vestige of the killer needs to be retired.It served it's purpose and we can even acknowledge how it served us well for so long. But now it's a new paradigm. The planet is reaching critical mass and our stewardship of the planet needs a  severe upgrade. As a species we no longer need to do this animal survival of the fittest thing. It's not always easy letting that part go, but it seems pretty clear that if we're going to survive we better start, and soon. ", "The NRA needs to be banned and outlawed like the Nazis party in Germany.", "     ... no one in the history of the world has ever been murdered where the instrument of death was not otherwise attached to someones hand.", "We are dealing with not only a very, very sick man but a very, very sick country.  Diane Feinstein proposed laws in 2013 about barrel stocks and nothing was done and I may posit that her proposal in 2017 ends up in the same place.  Our ability to feel safe and secure erodes daily with no leadership other than the dollar, greed and NRA lobbyists in the lead.", "I want to hear from the evangelicals on this.  They're vocal about the unborn.  What about victims of gun violence?  How can they support a party beholden to the NRA?", "AS William Carlos Williams said, \"The pure products of America go crazy.\" Well, ladies and gentlemen, everyday these products of America are getting purer and purer. Ask Alex Jones & Richard Spencer. & Trump.\n\nThe most recent presidential election made that clear. Someday\u2014and it may not be long\u2014these products will be so pure that they may destroy each other, and maybe take some of the world with them. \n\nThey don't have to learn anything because, eh, they've got the Pacific and the Atlantic insulating them. Because its neighbors are relatively weak and hence will never invade them and temper their souls, unlike Europe (not that I would wish that on anyone...). Because they think they won WWII\nAll By Themselves. Because they think they are the \"indispensable nation.\" Because they're so free, so free and fresh, an' ain't no one else like 'em. Because education requires more than two syllables. Because ya know if ya work hard, you can be Elon Musk. Yeah, you can make it. Buy some lotto tickets to prove it. All 330 million can be billionaires if they only tried and believed... Because \"You Will Not Replace Us.\" Because get out of my way, I'm drivin' mah truck to the supermarket... Because the gov'ment wants my guns, and they're commies. Because I'm positive & I hate pessimists. Gimme gimme freedom.\n\nUnlike authoritarian regimes, citizens of democracies are more responsible for their governments and their policies. Should we hate ourselves? \n\nMany do.", "I hope that every person who supports NRA will have to look at the dead love one being lowered 6' feet down and think about it.Of course pharmaceutical companies or  schools aren't any better.And why would anyone mention that thing living in the white house would do anything? It is a paradise and they don't have a brain,emotion or anything else.\nYES I am very angry I know it is the problem right now.", "Obviously we need to ban travel by gun owners.", "Why in the world are semi-automatic rifles & \"bump stocks\" legal to purchase in this country? Why does Congress condone this?", "Sad?  I do not feel sad.  I do not feel \u2018sorry\u2019 about the loss of life.  Rather, I am mad.  In fact, I am fuming mad!  I am furious!\n\nThe only heartache I feel is for the country that I once loved, and that has been decaying before our very eyes.  And it has been so, for a while now.  Whether it\u2019s our lack of motivation to improve education and healthcare, provide more affordable housing, better access to mental healthcare, to dismantling our for-profit prison system and \u2026to addressing our gun-happy culture.  \n\nI do not harbor any bad feelings towards the gunman.  He was irrefutably a very damaged and \u2018angry\u2019 person.  One cannot do what he did, and be of \u2018sound mind\u2019.  My anger is with the government, with Congress, with the NRA, and with certain stubborn Americans who will not even consider for one moment, that maybe\u2026.just maybe\u2026 we need to take SOME STEPS to try and better monitor and \u2018flag\u2019, questionable purchases of weaponry, ammo, \u2018accessories\u2019, etc., and especially when they are made (stockpiled) within a certain window of time.  \n\nI hope they all look good in the color Red.\n\n#ItsTimeToMarchInOurStreets", "If this well to do madman didn't have access to guns would it make a difference? He was a pilot. It could have been much worse. This man was insane in a very evil way. And he had money to buy what he wanted to kill with. If the world didn't have one gun we would have still had a mass killing. There is billions of people in this world and there will be more people like this born. There is nothing to stop it. ", "Ever since I first heard about bump stocks and saw them being used in Youtube clips, I wondered, a) Why are these things legal? b) How long before these are used in a crime?", "Not all people that shoot others have a serious mental illness. Being a psychopath or sociopath means that a person has no conscience. By labeling all people that shoot others as mentally ill seriously contributes to stigmatization of the mentally ill. The shooter was not described as delusional or acting unusually by people who interacted with him. As a result of ill-founded fear and stigmatization of the mentally ill, the public policy has shifted from competent medical care to incarceration. This is a sad commentary on our society.  The reason why this person decided to hurt so many innocent human beings may never be found or understood.  It is a tragedy that defies comprehension. We live in an environment of hate - racism, xenophobia, etc. Maybe we should take a look at that and then grapple with gun control.", "I'm a 50 year old man from the South and I grew up in a rural area where, like many folks, I was lucky enough to have a dad who took me hunting.  Our English Setters were the best and, though now the quail are gone, I still dove and turkey hunt when I can. That said, 20-30 years ago, even in my town, semi-automatic handguns, military style rifles, large capacity magazines, and rounds designed to kill people were akin to pornography.  Most adults knew the inherent dangers in these items and viewed them as a product of misdirected adolescent fantasy, at best, and, at worst, as being a hairs breadth from obscenity.  So 2 things are at play here:  1) Most people don't understand where the line should be drawn regarding weapons designed to kill people and those for hunting. 2) We have somehow lost touch with the responsibility we have to our neighbors to avoid putting them in the position of dying a violent, impersonal, uselessly repugnant death.  Common sense has been replaced by the shameless embrace of our worst fears and fantasies.  Good Lord, America.  What has happened to us?", "\"President Trump on Tuesday called Mr. Paddock \u201ca sick man, a demented man,\u201d adding that \u201cwe are dealing with a very, very sick individual.\u201d\nDoes he realize that he describing himself ????", "This is squarely the fault of the NRA and their toady Members of Congress.  The NRA lavishes cash on obedient Congressmen and threatens to back their opponents if they vote anti-gun.  Funded by gun manufacturers the NRA is the real demon here.  Jimmy Kimmel asks why, when a foreigner shoots someone the nation goes ballistic (so to speak), but when an American commits this atrocity, our leaders say, \"It is inappropriate to talk about gun control\" or \"there's nothing we can do\".  NO ONE should have an assault rifle any more than you should be able to go to the drug store and buy a gallon of cyanide.  Assault rifles and cyanide both  have one purpose - to kill humans.  Enough!", "The recent 2014 Kuming knife attack killed 31 and left 143 injured.\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014_Kunming_attack\nTimothy McVeigh killed 168 people and injured over 650 people with a bomb made from about 5000 lbs. of fertilizer.\nThe problem is not knives, AR-15s nor the 5000 lbs. of fertilizer; the problems were Steven Paddock, the crazies in China, and Timothy McVeigh. So unless you have some, as yet unknown, way of getting rid of all crimes and criminals of the world, the problem will likely continue.", "Could you please revise your policy regarding titles?  He does not deserve to be named, let alone addressed as \"Mr.\"", "I'm personally done worrying about the motives and history of the white males who one after the other perpetrate this kind of massacre.  Focus on the how: ban semi-automatic weapons, ban converter kits, extend waiting periods, have a data base that detects multiple purchases in a short period of time, limit ammunition and require registration to purchase it.  Make gun safety training a required condition of each purchase, and have it include visits to hospitals with gunshot victims and counseling sessions with grieving families or people disabled by wounds.  Regulate the gun industry like we regulate vaginas and antihistamines and drivers' licenses.  ", "Our so-called president needs to be relegated to a time-out corner while we recover from all of the recent natural and man-made disasters. He is worse than useless. His personality and cruel/clueless statements only exacerbates each  problem he  failingly addresses.", "Republican Party is accessory to the murders and woundings in Las Vegas.  Republicans killed a ban on semiautomatic weapons & block universal background checks.\n\nVote Republicans out of office.  It's a matter of self defence.", "The 2nd Amendment has failed, utterly, unlike Obamacare. Repeal and replace the 2nd Amendment.", "It sounds like he had a serious gambling addiction. His described life style sounds unhealthy. Throw in some drugs and maybe he turned psychotic. BTW, where comes all his money from? High stake gambling? I doubt if. Nobody ever makes money off that.", "ThoughtsAndPrayers.\nPrayersAndThoughts.\nBalloonsAndCandelightVigil.\nWhatAtragedy\nThrowMoneyAtFamilies\nPatSelvesOnBack\nShake Heads\nSigh\n\nWash/Rinse/Repeat", "\"Bump stocks are legal and inexpensive, with some versions advertised for $99.\n\nIn 2013, Senator Dianne Feinstein of California proposed outlawing bump stocks, but Congress has not acted on her proposal.\"\n\n+++++++++++++\n\nTomorrow I am going to the Canadian embassy to see if I can get a passport due to fact that my grandfather was born there.  At this point I am prepared to leave this country I once loved.\n\nCongress now has irrefutable blood on their hands.  There can simply be NO rationalization for NOT banning such an item. \n\n#UnitedStatesofArmament", "Why does every sentence refer to \"Mr. Paddock?\"  Let's let his name be forgotten, or at the very least, not use an honorific...", "Unfortunately outlawing \"bump stocks\" won't prevent this either.  Anyone who's ever been into guns can tell you that \"bump firing\" is possible with pretty much any AR style semi-automatic rifle. You can bump fire by holding the gun lightly with the trigger hand and hooking your thumb on a pants loop.  When the gun fires the recoil bounces it back and forth against your finger.  The result is rapid fire just like an automatic weapon.  Just go on youtube and search for \"bump fire\" sometime and you'll see what I'm talking about.\nWe need to ban semi-automatic weapons in this country.  We also need to make it very very hard to purchase any gun.  We also need a registry system so that people can't buy a gun legally and then sell it to a criminal (which is easy to do today).   However, there are so many psycho's on the far right like Bill O'Reilly, that trying to ban them would likely cause an outbreak of civil war.", "Like the ATF lady said:\nbump stocks do not alter the mechanical operation of a gun,\nso no biggie.\n\nWayne LaPierre couldn't have said it better.\nNever mind the actual performance affect.......", "Starting to get a feeling that Paddock was paid to cause this havoc. It may take awhile, but the FBI and local authorities are bound to discover some hidden evidence which will lead to a likely motive. Wonder if the results of Paddock's autopsy will be publicly shared? Gotta believe he was well juiced before breaking the first window.", "On question left unanswered is how he was able to reload so quickly.  Even large magazines carry only 30 rounds, which an automatic weapon would shoot off in about 5-6 seconds.", "1. This attack is on pure Americans. The country music is popular only among them.\n2. Shooting sounds belong to automatic rifle. I cannot imagine that somebody can trigger so fast.\n3. I don't believe that the guy who has automatic rifle will bring all other 22 rifles with him. It does not make sense.\n3. I don't believe that married man could load his car with 23 rifles and ammunition and his girlfriend did not notice anything. She is supposed to be in as well.\n4. I don't believe that the guy who used valet parking brought all those guns into his room himself. Every gun is about 8.5 lb. 23 rifles are about 200lb without ammunition. The receptionist who moved his luggage did not notice anything? 5 huge cases of guns went through unnoticed.\n6. Did he book that suite on purpose? We book rooms by price and some general information. When we book we have no information about floor. His suite has too perfect location in the building.\n6. Did he kill himself?\n\nIn general this story has a lot of  gaps. I think it was terrorists attack, but for some reason officials don't want to accept this and blame on the guy who was just killed on their way.", "Each year, hundreds of people leave war-torn or otherwise violent nations (i.e., Venezuela, Honduras) for the greener grasses of the United States of America, which is \u2018safer\u2019 than from whence they came.  But as they say, \u2018maybe it\u2019s just a devil in different clothing\u2019.  Sure, people coming here from Syria, or Honduras, can generally live in anonymity here, without fearing they will die in a regional conflict, or from local rebels or druglords.  The fact that their chances are just as good of being murdered in the U.S., but from a different type of gunman, doesn\u2019t factor into their decision to move here, because the U.S. can still offer them a better life in the way of economic opportunity, education for their kids, and social services.  So they take a calculated risk and relocate to the promised land.\n\nBut what about we American citizens who don\u2019t have to fear ethnic conflict in the U.S., or rival druglords terrorizing our towns and bribing our police?  Thankfully we don\u2019t have the same impetus as Syrians, Hondurans, etc., to leave our native home.  Or\u2026. DO we?  There are other places in the world \u2013 many in fact \u2013 that are SAFER, democratic, better healthcare, better education, etc.   Maybe we are not that different than these other countries, when we too now must hesitate every time we step outside the sanctity of our own homes.\n\n#UnitedStatesofArmament", "Why are we so obsessed with motive, when it is the means that is the problem. If the shooter wasn't able to legally amass 23 weapons, some semi-automatic, bump stocks and thousands of rounds of ammunition, he wouldn't have been able to kill 59 people.\n\nWe need to take away the means. ", "Here in Australia we have not experienced a mass shooting since the 1996 Port Aurthur massacre that triggered the national banning of assault rifles, semi-automatic rifles and shot guns and magazines beyond a 10 round capacity.\n\nThe Federal government funded a gun 'buy back' for all banned firearms.\n\nAustralia also harmonised firearm licensing and storage requirements, including police background checks for all licence holders.\n\nThere are annual amnesties for surrendering illegal / unregistered firearms.\n\nWe must be doing something right.", "I have a simple questions.\n1.  Why does anyone in civilian life\nneed assault weapons?\n2. If a person collects an arsenal\nof weapons and ammunition is\na record kept?\n3.  Could computers red flag\nmultiple purchases to notify\nauthorities to investigate?\n4. Why?  Of course, we\nmay never know.  \n\nHorrific", "In a country with 320 million people and tens of millions of guns and rifles, such tragedies are not only inevitable but likely to increase in number and frequency as our population grows, the population density grows, and the numbers of firearms increases.\n\nWe can and must stop this by limiting drastically the numbers of firearms in this country.\n\nBohdan A Oryshkevich, MD, MPH", "It has been said that mass killers often aim to best the previous record body count. The murderer carefully planned this attack, selecting a vantage point over a tightly confined crowd and using weapons with a fast rate of fire, and in doing so has likely maxed out the number of people that could be wounded or killed by a single person with a commonly-available firearm. I believe that the next attack by this type of individual will employ large vehicles, explosives, fire or some other non-firearm method in attempt to break this horrific \u201crecord\u201d.", "Virtually every week there is a large gun show held at some conference centre.  There was one on this weekend and another set for this weekend coming.  Any vendor attending these events would be considered 'under stocked' if they had only carried the arms found in Paddock's room.\nConsider what the array of guns evident from any small stand at the most recent sales show would look like!  Dozens and dozens of all types of arms.\nThe fun is still coming as politicians introduce a bill allowing armour-piercing ammunition so long as it carries the advice that such shells are intended for \"sport use only\"  Astounding sleight of mind in what purports to be the best country in the world.", "The Constitution was an experiment in government. Like any experiment some parts are not right to begin with and have to be fixed. We need to fix the Second Amendment, in this modern world, as written, it is a failure.  ", "I am tired of the question of why this happened.  The answer is simple.  This man had access to assault rifles and unlimited ammunition and in whatever deranged moment he was having was able to harm hundreds in a very short amount of time with this act of terror.  In my eyes, congress is culpable, along with gun manufacturers and distributors.  ", "something about . . .\n\"\u201cWe will be talking about gun laws as time goes by,\u201d Mr. Trump said as he prepared to leave Washington for  . . .\"\nb-b-but, i thought we'd ALREADY done that!\no well. whatever . . . ", "NRA representative Wayne LaPierre continued:\nDid no one else see that magnificent buck elk at the edge of the venue?\nNot one of the spectators at the country music event was wearing orange safety clothing.\nThis is clearly a tragic hunting accident.", "Either this man was one of the most disturbed, mentally ill man to walk on the face of the earth or there's more to the story.  Keep digging.", "They need to rule out a conspiracy. He did not have any clear motive and his family had no clue. Perhaps he was coerced. ", "Who cares why he did it - could there be a good reason to kill that many innocent people. Maybe he didn't like country music, was having a bad hair day, or ???\n\nIn any event, there will always be people (mostly men with high testosterone) who snap for some reason or other.  If society insists on making it as easy for them to buy assault weapons as it is to buy a candy bar, then those who encourage this (the NRA and the GOP that is subservient to it) deserve what they get. Unfortunately, the rest of us who believe in reasonable gun control have to live in a society where fear of death at the hands of a lunatic is becoming all too prevalent.", "Some thoughts are maybe not so crazy right now: (almost all civilian) passengers have to go through airport screening to board their flight, how about admitting oneself into a hotel while bringing large (or all) luggage? Maybe YouTube can delete and then prohibit ALL videos detailing how to \"upgrade\" firearms to enhance them to rapid-fire? Maybe all sales of high-capacity magazines will be banned? Maybe no more permits for machine guns will be allowed? Maybe limits will be placed on the sale of ammunition? Maybe America will come to its collective senses before the next, even more devastating one happens? Maybe catch-phrases like \"God, guns, and gravy\" won't get voters and politicians drooling with excitement?", "The why is really nagging me. Paddock's girlfriend was out of the country. has she been out a long time or just recently left? I understand she was from Australia. The timing justifies a complete investigation of her and her contacts and finances if she left just prior to the mass slaughter. Not enough has been said about her and her Whereabouts and what she has said or knows. The police even cleared her of wrongdoing..............way too soon.", "Steve Scalise's silence on gun control says all we need to know about Congressional Republicans.  He sure walked the walk -- he was willing to die to support the right of the guy who nearly killed him to own firearms.", "Here's how I know how hollow our sentiments and our \"thoughts and prayers\" are on the mass murder of 59 people: absolutely nothing will change because of it. Absolutely nothing. In six months' time, in a year's, absolutely nothing will be different except that the next mass murderer will have a different name and he will kill people in a different city.", "Some have done far worse -- Nagasaki and Hiroshima, for example -- without being disturbed. As of this moment, we don't know why he did it -- only speculation.", "Throughout history, great societies have been destroyed from imploding within themselves, not due to external forces...this is but one shining example of the United States today.", "Why are these kinds of guns allowed ? Who needs a rapid fire assault weapon? I don\u2019t understand the selfishness of the NRA members who insist it\u2019s their right to bear arms. Isn\u2019t it my right to be safe from these arms? If Newtown didn\u2019t move congress & the NRA I doubt the killing of 600 will either. However when I win power ball my winnings will go gun control legislation .", "Did I already mention changing the laws that govern campaign financing? ", "These bump stocks come with an official letter from the ATF certifying they are legal. Insane. ", "Learn from Australia!", "What's the big fuss?   It was not an act of terror ...or was it?\n\nWere innocent people killed ? yes\n\nDid it frighten many more? yes\n\nWas it planned?yes\n\nWas perp a non-white person? NO\n\nSo I guess it was not an act of terror.  Only people considered 'others' do 'terror' attacks.  Since this man was obviously white, the press collectively ignored all the other earmarks of an act of terrorism.  Just like McVey in Oklahoma.", "NRA pushing for silencers. Absolute mayhem is afoot. The battle has just begun.", "Since Sandy Hook, every single congressperson or senator who voted against safer gun laws, and voted for the NRA, has blood on their hands. They are just as guilty as this madman. They should stop praying, and start paying.", "Ah, the gundamentalists and ammosexuals will love the headline of this piece.\nGo online and search some of these sites. They are arguing over how this terorrist modified his weapons.\nThese terrorist mass shootings are now America's national holidays.\nBrought to you by the NRA and our feckless, cowardly Congress.", "LEARNING NOTHING\n\nHouse Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-LA) said a shooting in Las Vegas that left 59 dead and hundreds injured, as well as his own shooting at a congressional baseball practice in June, has only \u201cfortified\u201d his position regarding the Second Amendment.\n\n\u201cInevitably, questions about the Second Amendment are raised by what happened in Las Vegas,\u201d Fox News\u2019 Martha MacCallum asked Scalise. \u201cHave you, your experience of your own, and what you saw in Las Vegas, has it changed how you feel about any of that?\u201d\n\n\u201cI think it\u2019s fortified it,\u201d Scalise said. \u201cBecause first of all, you\u2019ve got to recognize that when there\u2019s a tragedy like this, the first thing we should be thinking about is praying for the people who were injured and doing whatever we can to help them, to help law enforcement. We shouldn\u2019t first be thinking of promoting our political agenda.\u201d", "Why isn't the white male community policing guys like this?  Why aren't white christians telling the authorities when they sense something is out of the ordinary or suspicious about one of their own?   Where was this guy radicalized?\n/sarcasm", "What is sick is a society that watches these massacres and just prays.", "Here is a plausible scenario regarding Stephen Paddock's motives:\n\nHe has a deep grudge against the Feds (US Government) because of his father being imprisoned for bank robbery and then on the FBI's most wanted list. He has the money, the years are going by, it's time to seek his revenge.\n\nAnd a foreign connection to an entity that also intensely hates the US\u2014like the Islamic State/ISIS\u2014would also fit.", "Why, if automatic rifles are illegal are bump stocks and other kits which allow users to turn semiautomatic guns into automatic weapons?  Republicans in Congress (and Dems who work with them) should be ashamed of themselves. Frankly I hold them responsible for these mass killings. Now they think people should have the right to silencers and armor piercing bullets. Why? The only reason anyone would want either of these items is to kill. Shame on you all who support politicians who\u2019re in bed with the NRA. You\u2019re also responsible for this never ending gun violence. ", "Mr. Famiglietti's sense that Paddock seemed to be \"a normal guy\" may tell us something about the people who spend their days selling guns for supposed sport. What a creepy crowd...", "Any chance that the money that the shooter sent to the Philippines went to Marawi,  where Philippine government security forces  battle with ISIS and other jihadist sects?  ", "From the website of Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.): \"Senator Alexander\u2026 has opposed the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty, helped defeat gun control legislation and\u2026 has earned an \u201cA\u201d rating from the National Rifle Association. When the Senate took up gun control legislation in spring of 2013, the senator voted against both the proposed assault weapons ban sponsored by Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) and the proposed expansion of background checks sponsored by Senators Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) and Pat Toomey (R-Pa.).\" Sen. Alexander: \u201cTo be unwilling to defend and debate Second Amendment rights on the Senate floor would be like joining the Grand Ole Opry and being unwilling to sing.\u201d  Sen. Alexander: \"I think video games is a bigger problem than guns because video games affect people.\"", "Mass Murder has become an art form in America.  A Special Olympics for crazy violent people.  An honored tradition of defiant individualism with dedicated gun worshiper priests and statisticians.  Part of the fabric of our normal lives.\n\nHow else can a nobody accountant from Nevada get his name on the front page of the Times and in the history books?", "I never will understand the mentality of these people even though I have been living with them in the South for the past several years.  My own daughter in law's two year old child got a hold of her semi-automatic handgun and discharged it in the house. Fortunately no one was killed or injured. Her husband shoots mice in their trailer with an air rifle. Their mother, a retired police officer thinks that it is no big deal!!! Although I am an atheist scientist, I can't help but think that current events are a dress rehearsal for the ultimate punishment of the human race by a higher power.", "There is a weapon that will aim and fire at a sound--had security had the foresight to have one (and that would not be unreasonable) his second shot would have been his last\nStam", "Paddock brought 10 suitcases into his hotel room? No one  at any time wondered what was in them?   Maids? People at the desk?  Am I missing something? ", "If Republicans in Congress are such slaves to the NRA gun lobby and therefore see no reason to place any meaningful impediments on gun ownership, I think they should be required to allow open carry in the Capitol and in the Senate and House office buildings.", "This aberrant male has all the hallmarks of an extreme narcissistic sociopath. He is hard for ordinary compassionate human beings to comprehend. He lived in expensive hotel suites apparently by gambling. Whatever tipped his narcississtic boat over assisted his decission to take as many people out of this world with him in as spectacular and difficult to stop way as he could.\n\n A long term knowledge of, and practise with easily obtainable highly lethal weapons made his plan feasible. I do not doubt he clearly planned to be in that room to take advantage of the heavily attended event. This is a \"can you top this\" act of rage to leave his ugly stamp on a society he hated.\n\nSociopaths do NOT have compassion. What they want to do if it feels good to them is what they will do if not thwarted. Narcississtic sociopaths also have a belief in their infallibility. \n\nHow do we thwart people like this? With great difficulty? This guy successfully hid in plaon sight and gun laws or lack thereof made it too easy for him to collect the weapons and ammo he needed.\n\nHot air about \"looking at gun laws\" will not prevent the next mass gun weilding terrorist from trying to top this one. He, or maybe even she, is already planning their own \"event.\"\n\nAre we finally going to take real action despite the NRA and their backers so fearful of loosing the false security blanket of their beloved murderous guns, or just blow more hot air?", "The sad truth is that our lack of gun control directly contributes to the slaughter of our citizenry. It is a choice we make as a country. We collectively value gun ownership over human life. Not complicated. Simply pathetic. ", "Sheriff Joe might consider fewer press briefings, filled with self-gratulatory remarks, and more time on the motives, guns (whoops weapons).\n\nLet me know when the \"press conferences\" release any information.  I hope Sheriff Joe doesn't wait for Gun Control before he \"solves\" his career case.", "Make no mistake.  The purposeful actions of the NRA paved the way for this tragedy.  The silence of Congress and our President will ensure it will happen again and again.", "In 2016, the Journal, Addiction, published the results of a study by the University of Lincoln (UK) -- it found that the most addicted gamblers are the most prone to serious violence. Pathological gambling led to higher rates of domestic violence (there have been reports that the shooter abused his girlfriend) and other serious violence. Gambling was also associated with an increased risk of the use of weapons. \n\nMental illness sometimes leads to extreme violence with unfathomably tragic results. Guns and people don't mix.", "\u201c...we are dealing with a very, very sick individual\".  No, we're not.  He is dead, beyond justice or vengeance.  What will the \"some sort of discussion about gun legislation\" end up with?  Why, if autonomic weapons are banned, is the \"bump stock\" available to any shopper, including any other \"very, very sick individual\"?  There are many, many questions to be asked, and no real hope that the gun lobby and their minions will answer any of them.  I speak as someone who supports the 2nd Amendment and owns a firearm.", "A lot of comments about why so much effort is being put into finding the shooter's motive. It may be wise not to assume he was a madman. Is anyone out there thinking maybe there is more to this story?\n\nHe bought over forty firearms in the past few months, along with scopes and ammunition. I would guess he s[ent at least $50,000. AR-15s cost anywhere from $700 to $2,000. Scope and mounts $300 to very expensive. Thousands of rounds of rifle ammo cost thousands of dollars.\n\nAnd hen he had time and effort to apparently apply for a license for all or many of these firearms? Open them up, clean them, operate them, adjust sights and settings. \n\nHe rented a suite at a famed LV casino for an extended stay. How much could that have cost?  Many comments wonder how he or his 20 some rifles went unnoticed by hotel staff...maybe he had accomplices.\n\nAnd now detection of money going out of the country to the Philippines. \n\nJust wondering.", "I propose that gun purchases require an insurance policy that will cover the damage that they can cause. An assault rifle would have a, say 2 million dollar payout and a 22 caliber pea shooter a 20,000 dollar payout, The policy would have to be carried until sold, so the excuse that the gun was stolen won't be an excuse.\nSomeone who purchases a number of assault rifles would have to weigh the cost benefit to the high insurance premiums, and the insurance underwriters may balk at the high risk of multiple purchases.\nIf you drive a hot rod car, you have high insurance premiums. Why do gun owners get a free ride.\nMake it a federal law with high penalties for non compliance.\nWhat do we have to lose, and at least the victims will get more than prayers and platitudes.", "Especially if the 100k wire transfer is verified, I hope someone looks for short sales of Mandalay and other casinos.  ", "combat in the usa-except without anyone that was targeted having a chance. even if everyone had an automatic weapon of their own there-there was no way to return fire to a target. what i saw was mayhem and the shooter knew how to spread it and exploit it.", "How is the right to bear arms worth more than the right to life of hundreds of thousands of victims of gun violence?  What a deeply insulting message we send to victims and their loved ones when our country experiences tragedy after tragedy without change.   ", "I am completely unconcerned with \"why\" because there will always be someone who wants to harm others because of their own reasons. The only thing I am concerned with is the what -- getting weapons designed to kill as many people as possible as quickly as possible out of the hands of people who want to commit mass murder.", "Why does our society glorify violence, guns, shooting, and explosions?   I can hardly watch a movie anymore.\n There has to be a better way for men to feel powerful. ", "We need to outlaw removable clips, at least on long guns. All long guns must be hand loaded, with 6 maximum shots. That is fine for hunting. It makes target practice a little more challenging, but the reduced amount of ammo you fire will be more than compensated by the increase in skill you will get taking your time with each shot. ", "Sure, they would have been able to protect themselves. Just like the partyers in the Orlando nightclub would have been able to fire back, in the dark, drunk or drugged, in the midst of panic, with people running wildly in every direction, etc. etc.", "The \"why\" does not matter. \n\nFocus on the HOW.\n\nHow? America allows for ANYONE to purchase assault rifles that are easily modified to become automatic rifles. Period. \n\nHow about we go back to the days that those types of guns were illegal? You can get your bones at a shooting range with a pistol and a single shot rifle. And that deer/elk/any-other-animal-with-no-chance has no chance with single shot weapons, too. ", "Bullies love guns. The power to kill rests in their hands. Organized bullies insist Our Constitution gives them a right to \"open carry\". The 2nd Amendment does Not give anyone the right to put bullets in the gun outside their home. By law they can \"bear\" the weapon within an organized milita.\nAmmunition is the key to gun control. No right exists to publicly 'bear' loaded weapons outside of an organized milita situation.", "Prayers and Condolences are worthless.  Only action counts and the folks in charge campaign contributions are more important than all the people murdered and injured via automatic weapons in the past 10 years.  So save the tears as this will happen again and again with even higher casualty lists.  It's not Trumps fault, he loves the money, but it's our fault for electing reality tv stars, and people with less integrity and empathy than my dog.", "\u201cWe will be talking about gun laws as time goes by,\u201d Mr. Trump said.\n\nHow many will die between then and now? \n\nCan't Mr. Trump at least outlaw this little bit of horrendous nastiness?:\nBump stocks are legal and inexpensive, with some versions advertised for $99.\n     These devil's devices have just received a huge advertisement--not free, bought with blood. Has anyone tracked today's sales?\n    The USA has gone insane. ", "This latest shooting lays bare how INANE a mantra such as \"good guys with guns\" really is.\nFor a long time, nobody knew where the bullets were coming from - there was utter confusion, and understandably so.\nSo .. even if those concert-goers were all armed, exactly what/who should they be shooting back at? In all likelihood, it would be AT EACH OTHER, because what does a \"bad guy with a gun\" look like after all? A white, balding guy in his 60s?\nAbsolutely ridiculous argument; which means, in this instance, even more casualties that result from poor gun ownership laws.", "I guess we need a travel ban on old white guys who gamble now.  This one just doesn't fit the script does it?  Mental illness, guns, social media and Trump style rhetoric all add up to more violence.  Although I still think we're the greatest country in the world, it shows we are dangerously close to slipping into abyss we can't recover from for many years.", "Why? Because Congress and Nevada didn't enact gun control laws. They are guilty of mass murder. The \"instrument\" was a man with whatever motive who was allowed to accumulate an arsenal of weapons with no authority aware.\nMeanwhile you and I can't get a car, motorcycle or a dog without registering. And the government won't fund research into pathology of gun violence. So there we are. I accuse Congress of mass murder in Las Vegas Nevada. Also I accuse the government of  Nevada where there is no oversight whatsoever.", "So he had oodles of guns built specifically to kill people, and he altered one to kill people faster.  And he did, shooting those innocent concert-goers who had very few places to hide.  He was a white man who didn't really stand out much and hadn't tangled with the law.  But he had all those guns - - guns built merely to end peoples' lives efficiently and quickly.  Why does our country allow any citizen to own one of these kinds of guns?  What right do citizens have to these? Sure - - let them have rifles, shotguns, and handguns - - we can rationalize a need for those.  But semi-automatic weapons?  What is the point?  Why can't our legislators have a rational, open discussion about banning semi-automatic and automatic weaponry?  We've given the 2nd amendment all it needs, really.  Why stretch it further?", "How many ways an we define hate and consider the many mosaics of madness?Greed, revenge, mendacity, cant be calibrated with just words.", "Here's a thought Mr. Trump may be pondering: if enough innocent people are slaughtered due to our virtually non-existent gun control laws, perhaps we won't need that Big, Beautiful Wall after all.  If things get bad enough, potential immigrants may not want to bother coming to our country.", "This should be all the evidence needed to show that the only use for an assault rifle is killing large numbers of humans; as such, no American needs to own one.  You can \"protect yourself\" with a handgun or shotgun, or a semiautomatic rifle.", "The shear cowardice of American lawmakers failing to limit access to the type of assault-style weapons used in this horrific attack has now cost 4 Canadian lives, along side the 50+ Americans ones, and this makes me incredibly angry and desperately sad. \n\nIt is disgusting to me that some have declared that these lives are the 'cost of freedom' in your country. You call this free? This isn't about any righteousness - it is genuine bafflement and deep, deep sadness for the loss of life that has come so close to home, and where there is no recourse other than to stop visiting the neighbour we love so well, but no longer understand.", "Well, we have a way to test the NRA's theory.  Let's have the US government mail one semi-automatic gun with 4 boxes of ammunition to every American age 18 and over.  Have all the guns and bullets arrive in time for Christmas 2017.\n\nLet two years pass.  And, by Christmas 2019, if the NRA is right, we should have fewer mass shootings and fewer gun deaths overall compared to the period between Christmas 2015 to Christmas 2017.  \n\n(Note:  I'd love to participate in this experiment, but I plan to spend the next two years visiting relatives who live overseas.)", "How many would be dead if he had a silencer, like the NRA is pushing for? \n\nThey do not block shot reports completely but on the Vegas strip I wouldn\u2019t be able to hear one. Especially from 30 stories above ground level. \n\n100? 150? 200? Are we set up for a homegrown Paris attack?", "People are crazy to have guns. How about the Florida grandma whose granddaughter recently died as she looked for candy in grandma's purse and found a gun instead. Did grandma have any logical reason to pack a pistol or did having it it just make her feel important? \n\nWas this child's death the price of freedom as Bill O'Reilly bellowed? Why am I just not getting this?", "Only Jeff Sessions and his FBI believe this was not an act of terrorism with international connections.", "Just another Second Amendment Morning in America, folks.  Republicans control Congress, the White House and the Supreme Court.  That's the beginning and the ending of the conversation. Move along, folks.  Nothing to see here.", "The suspect sending thousands of dollars to Philippines: To his ex-wife? Girlfriend? Islamic terrorist organization affiliates?\n\nKristof writes that this time around we should not settle only for prayers, candlelights, teddy bears .... yet this plus \"We will not change our lifestyle\" have been for years, messages politicians and media, not only in Europe, telling us after (much more frequent) islamic terrorist massacres.\n\nIt has been for (too long) obvious that easy to get (legal and illegal) ownership of guns, namely assault rifles, is the main cause of so many violent loses of lives.\n\nAt the same time, equally direct and casual link exist between terrorist massacres here and especially in Europe and the fact that their perpetrators - doing their atrocity usually with cries Allahu akbar! - are of muslim faith, twisted by islamic radicalization.\n\nSo focus on law and practices restraining availability especially of assault weapons and .... laws and practices limiting entry and expanding expulsion of muslims fitting \"radicalized jihadist\" profile. Not only becase they don't often use guns or assault rifles, but truck and cars (which we can't restrict ownership or rental off like with guns).\n\nWhile the officialdom is telling Europeans that such terrorism is something we should get used to (price for having diverse population) some even wrote that (2016) number of victims was \"lower than number of people who drowned in Poland.\"", "\"We will be talking about guns as time goes by.\" - President Donald Trump\n\nTranslation: We will talk, talk, and talk about guns, pro and con, then do nothing. \n\nBusiness as usual. \n\nMr. Trump: The NRA's boy toy.", "Give the GOP time.   They'll invent a way to blame Hillary or Obama. ", "We are not really interested in finding out why or we would have by now. For a person to do this, they have lost all feeling for others. It probably goes back to his childhood and bonding with his father or mother. He may have feelings of little or no value because of his father and so he shuts emotions down and begins the sociopathic continuum. This is covered in: High Risk Children Without a Conscience by Dr. Krn Magid and Carole A. McKelvey. Another thing that prevents us from knowing is how systems shut down to protect themselves: Business, Public Agencies, Doctors etc.are open to law suits from these events. You can read about that in The Spiral Notebook by Stephen and Joyce Singular. While I think we need access to gun records and more regulation around arms, only sociopaths or armed combatants kill like this.", "I found a list of \"12 crazy things you can buy online for $100,\" including a dartboard, Modal sheets and Sonicare toothbrush. Let's add to that a $99 bump stock to attach to a semiautomatic rifle so it can go fully automatic and fire hundreds of rounds per minute! Just another way America makes it 100 percent legal and convenient for an aspiring mass murderer to up his body count with military grade weaponry. It would be sensible for Congress to outlaw the sale of bump stocks. But the NRA might not like that, so don't get your hopes up.", "The president, who is scheduled to visit Las Vegas on Wednesday, also praised the speed of the police response there. \u201cWhat happened is, in many ways, a miracle,\u201d he said.\n\nWhat\u2019s the miracle about a mass murder? ", "A tragic and, possibly, preventable loss of life under the \"law and order\" President.", "tRump will not do anything to curb domesic gun sales and has increased foreign gun sales and is working to increase weapons exports even more:\nhttps://www.democracynow.org/2017/10/3/they_dont_care_who_the_guns", "So now I guess we will be treated to the spectacle of the NRA defending the \"bump stock\" and claiming that the republic will be destroyed if they are banned. I think the Founding Fathers used \"bump stocks\" on their muzzle loaders.", "To all of those who cling to their Bibles and their guns, Jesus loves  you.  So does the NRA and they pay your Republican Congress person handsomely to make sure that you will be ever more easily able to acquire weapons  of mass destruction.", "Why are bump stocks \"legal and inexpensive\"? After every massacre of this type (e.g. possibly not inspired by islam?) we need to punish NRA senior officials. Themselves, their wives, their children. Then this will stop.", "Here's what we know will happen:  Gun sales will skyrocket, as the NRA sends out warnings that \"the libruls are a-comin' fer yer guns!\"  Seriously.  That is exactly what will happen.  And, sales of bump stocks, especially, will spike. ", "We ain't gonna do nuthin', folks. Just keep the bandages handy.", "How can Washington be divided on gun laws? They are divided by who has any kind of moral compass left and who is just an empty shell taking money from the NRA.\n\nThe NRA is a terrorist organization at this point. As others have pointed out, no healthcare but plenty of guns. I have decided the Trump regime is all about dead bodies, people dead from lack of health care, people dead from lack of support from natural disasters and people dead from guns.\n\nThe Trumps and their cronies could care less they just want the money. \n\nThis is horrible, Trump is a horrible President and just a bad person. This is disgusting!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "In a NYT Picks The Inquisitor (New York) writes:\n\n\"This did not happen 30 years ago. The NRA has fostered a gun loving culture to boost profits for the gun industry. Got a problem? Shoot people. They have the blood of thousands on their hands.\"\n\nHow about this \u2013\n\nThis did not happen 30 years ago. Hollywood has fostered a gun loving culture to boost profits for the movie industry. Got a problem? Shoot people. They have the blood of thousands on their hands.", "Dear Leader Don continued:\nGiven the loss of life, the Vegas massacre is clearly a bigger disaster than Puerto Rico...........\nPuerto Rico is sooooo lucky that so few people died.\nThat's due to FEMA and Generals.......\n.....and it's too early to talk about rational and reasonable gun control.\nBut I'm doing a great job brownies........", "Why? Because he could. Read this please, and share: http://gunviolence.issuelab.net/resource/the-militarization-of-the-u-s-c...", "For a few hundreds bucks, you too can own a machine gun that shoots 100 rounds a clip! Enough to slaughter people from your room at the Mandalay Bay! The gun laws in the U.S. disgust me. Watch this and you will see why.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvLt8-Wf7r0 ", "It is within the power of the US public, US voters, to reduce the scale and frequency of your mass murders. Don't just hope these stop. Don't just play a transparently silly partisan game. This is serious. Fix it.\nIt is shameful how many of the Democratic commenters to the linked article want to blame Trump for their own actions in putting in place 44 presidents, a similar number of congresses, and a similar number of state governors and state legislatures -- Democrats and Republicans* -- who all gave the US its current lack of gun control legislation and current lack of mental health care for men. (I say men because it is men who seem to be the ones doing these things, and our society provides few supports for men (other than wives).)\nObama, GWB, Clinton and GHWB didn't fail to enact gun legislation because of Trump. The failed to enact gun legislation because of the wishes of Democratic, Republican and unaligned US voters.\nI hope our brothers and sisters to the south of us can find a way to vastly reduce the number of massacres that occur down there. You can't stop criminals getting guns, you can't stop all murders, but you can stop peaceful people like Stephen Paddock and the Columbine Shooters getting so many guns.\n* Democratic, Republican, Bull Moose, Whig, Federalist, Democratic-Republican, unaligned, etc.", "So, Stephen Paddock used a device that turns a semi- into a fully-automatic weapon and can be had for $100. Senator Feinstein proposed banning such devices some years ago, but her proposal was ignored. There is a piece in WaPo today claiming that specific interventions, rather than broad gun bans, are the only real remedy for gun violence. But why on Earth do we have to accept that we live in a country where there are so many guns?\n\nWhat is the rationale for allowing citizens to purchase a device that turns an AR-15, a weapon that already should be banned, into an even more deadly weapon? If this can be done, then in practice automatic weapons are already legal. The gun culture that\u2019s grown up in America is insane. We need a complete cultural change.\n\nI don\u2019t mind if people keep a rifle for hunting, but as far as I\u2019m concerned, everything else should be banned. We should have mandatory buyback. As for the Second Amendment, it doesn\u2019t mean what the people who worship it think it does. But if it did, so what? We can\u2019t bind ourselves to something that is responsible for such slaughter. Why don\u2019t we ever ask poor black families who live in gun-infested inner cities what they think of guns? Why does the paranoia of rural whites trump the safety of inner-city black kids?", "We keep saying there needs to be laws preventing these incidents, but how about using a tactic of the Pro-Life Movement: protest the sellers of death at their location. Namely, gun shops and gun swaps. Imagine if, instead of calling our \"leaders\" who are beholden to the NRA, we put our energies into daily vigils at the shops that sell weapons. Large, graphic posters of the death they sell might send a message to buyers and community members. Guns Shops should be treated as local merchants of death. Nothing will change in Washington, this has to be a moral war. Let's get to work.", "Let\u2019s not \u201ctalk about gun laws as time goes by\u201d as Trump suggests. Let\u2019s talk about them now and not stop talking about them until action is taken by Congress. How many more innocent lives need to be lost in order for our representatives to put our needs above their monetary/donation needs? Bump stocks should not be available to the public. Silencers should not be available to anyone. If you are using a gun for hunting, you don\u2019t need those types of devices. Protect your constituents. All of them. Not just gun owners. I will be voting anyone out of office who takes mass donations from the NRA or other organizations of their ilk and those who vote to pass additional laws that are pro-gun. ", "\"Mr. Paddock worked for the federal government for roughly 10 years, from 1975 to 1985, a spokeswoman for the federal Office of Personnel Management confirmed on Tuesday. Investigators unearthed multiple job applications, with Mr. Paddock\u2019s fingerprints on file, as part of records reflecting his employment as a letter carrier for the Postal Service; as an I.R.S. agent; and as an auditor of defense contracts.\"\n\nI don't know anything about gambling. Can one live on the proceeds of legal gambling? Did his bank-robber father bury money in the back yard? It sounds like he wasn't hurting for money; he had no problem spending big. If the government knows anything else about this guy's apparently relatively low level government employment, now would be a good time to cough up that information. Here's another guy's tax returns I wouldn't mind seeing.\n\nThat being said, he didn't 'just snap.' When you snap, you grab the closest thing handy (gun, baseball bat, 2 X 4) and blast away. Carting in mountains of equipment and setting up a base of operations along with a surveillance set-up kind of precludes that.\n\nRegarding equipment, if he brought it in over several days, yeah it probably showed up on security cameras, but unless the same person was monitoring the video 24 hours a day, I can see how it would have gone unnoticed. A lot of people decline maid service. He could have said it was photographic equipment, etc.\n\nSuch an elaborate plan. Was he ever in the military? Did he wish he was?", "I cannot see why the \"why\" matters so much. The how is much more important. How was this individual able to amass an arsenal of military type weapons and thousands of rounds of ammunition without arousing the suspicions of the police and counter terror organisations in this security conscious world; how does the law allow such easy access to such weapons which are clearly suited to military purposes only; where are the checks and balances to monitor and control gun access to the mentally disturbed and where is the political will to put a legislative controls over weapons producers and gun owners. The only \"who\" who matter are the people who were killed, injured and left traumatised by this event.", "Every parent I know has been grieving since the day when the lives of the very youngest citizens among us were senselessly taken away. We all carry a trauma and have to live with the background stress of when the next one will be, or if it will affect anyone we know -- as if that matters.\n\nThe fact that even the Sandy Hook carnage was still below the ability of our political system to take even the tinniest of steps is an indication of a declining republic. How democratic is it to permit a narrow special interest of significant minority status so much political influence that effectively overrides the vast majority of the electorate's wishes?\n\nWe can no longer pretend that the perpetrator of this and all other mass shootings past and future is the only culprit. Congress is aiding and abetting the next mass shooter to terrorize us, and suppress our freedom to live without fear.\n\nWe can spend billions and loose more of our men and women in service to fight terrorism overseas, but it gets tedious when congress does nothing for our own homegrown brand.\n\nThere is no constitutional protection for a right to perpetrate a rain of death on one's fellow citizens.", "When the interpretation of the Second Amendment leads to carnage like this, what will it take for our representatives to look at this issue honestly and say enough is enough?  Are we really willing to pay this price?", "Sadly, nothing will change.  What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas and this will soon be forgotten.", "We will by talking about gun laws as time goes by.\" - Donald Trump.\n\nDon't expect much to come of this.  Trump is well aware he owes his current position as much to the NRA and to AR-15- and AK-47-styke military rifle enthusiasts as he does to any other group.  Coal miners don't even register a blip compared to them.  If Trump counters them, it will be because not only expects to be, but wants to be, a one-term president.", "\"There's no way we could have known\" simply doesn't hold up. Why did we NOT know the man had at least 23 guns? Why is there no alarm in place for an individual who buys multiple guns? Governments know how many cars and homes we have; these things are registered. I don't advocate repealing the second amendment, but to my knowledge it doesn't say people have a right to as many guns as they can possibly get their hands on. The public good, which, by the way, helps to protect individuals, is completely trounced by such ridiculous refusals to put limits on weapons. ", "It is time we demand that Congress pass the following restrictions on guns. They are reasonable, and not against the Second Amendment. They won't stop mass shootings, but they will make one like Las Vegas less likely or at least less deadly. The argument that any restriction on guns is unconstitutional is madness, and this mass shooting is the best example of that!\n- no magazines holding more than 10 rounds\n- no bump-stock or other modifications\n- no guns which hold more than 10 rounds\n- magazine exchange should take time and effort to do ", "Each country has its unique character, history, and psyche in regard to violence, guns, and ethical treatment of its own citizens. Our youth as a country has us, for complex reasons, tied to an adolescent, Wild West lust for guns, violence, and taking all we can when we want it. Slowly, we have tried to grow into adulthood, but Ayn-Rand types claim their right to have it all, their way, all the time; gun manufacturers and other big industries, with a purchase on our leaders, have long held sway over us.\n\nWe have fallen under the spell of freedom without sufficient responsibility. The 2nd Amendment to most means stockpiling with no sense that more guns, more ammo, and more power without adequate regulation means more deaths, accidental or intentional. Our reason is broken under the yoke of our myth of safety. \n\nThe final tragedy may well be that no tragedy is tragic enough: hundreds killed? More babies shot? Gruesomeness beyond imagination? We have to learn to balance freedom with the power of responsibility. We owe each other our lives. Electing truly civil leaders, with a conscience, is crucial. Voting out those easily bought out is required. \n\nWe all must grow up in America -- before we are all shot up. Prayers, condolences, silences -- these have become unfortunate passive responses. Young people must be encouraged to re-enter politics, the older must give up dark money -- and we all have to live in a new world, and let the Wild West fade into history, where it belongs.", "Which mind is more disturbed?\nOne that pulls the trigger? or one that insists it's OK to sell offensive weapons to anyone without regard to public safety?\nThe British didn't prohibit men from bearing arms in the colonies.\n-- men needed them to feed families.\nMen were required to participate in regular militias to ensure they'd be prepared to defend their communities against external threats.\nBrits sought to control militias by limiting their gunpowder, not the rifles.\nFollowing Concord, militia men at Bunker Hill devastated three British assault waves, leaving the last one only when they ran out of gunpowder.\nWashington was reminded he'd been given brave and capable men when he took command of the US Army.\nHis job was to ensure they had good leaders and sufficient gunpowder.\nHe'd be judged on whether he got the British out of New England in a year.\nWe are guaranteed a right to bear arms so we can feed and defend our families\n-- not to embark on offensive operations.\nThat right is given to well-regulated militias, like the Worcester militia that supported Concord stand-off, and the militia that supported Daniel Shays when Eastern businessmen sent a General to seize his farm (and other farms) because he was unable to pay back taxes that accumulated during his Revolutionary War service at Lexington, Concord, Bunker Hill, and Saratoga -- for which he was never paid.\n\nMr. Paddock has no right to access or use weapons intended for offensive operations. ", "This is how our President reacts to rapid police response \"a miracle?\" One throws up one's hands! What sort of leader can anyone possibly be who would say this?\nThese people are heroes indeed but they also evaluate past experience, educate themselves, plan and train accordingly. Then they execute the plans based on the best available evidence of what works.\nThis was no miracle Mr. Trump but the actions of brave and smart civil servants.\nPerhaps the real miracle would be that Trump would ever see that? And run his own government that way?", "It's important that we spend a lot of time and effort understanding every detail of this misadventure because that's how we delude ourselves that we are understanding and thus doing something about the problem - when in fact we are not going to do anything but cluck and move on.  We understand this problem as well as we have to: high power guns, all the ammunition he wants, and a nut-ball - the combination works every time.  ", "Trump praised the speed of the police response. [Despite the fact that most active shooters last for less than 5 minutes, and the widespread police confusion as evidenced by police communications.] \u201cWhat happened is, in many ways, a miracle,\u201d he said.\n\nI'm reminded that Utah Senator Orrin Hatch also used the word \"miracle\" shortly after Trump's election, telling a group of fellow Mormon constituents, \"Trump's election is a miracle.\"", "We are at the same time in the timeline of dealing with our crazed gun culture as we were a few years ago with the opiod painkiller crisis, where we realized that maybe allowing relatively unfettered prescription and distribution of powerful drugs like oxycontin was not such a good idea.\n\nThe difference being, we have been at this point with the gun crisis for decades and nothing has changed.\n\nI believe the two scourges are kind of parallel. And yes, I will agree, simply tightening rules on legal guns -- like tightening rules on legal opiate painkillers -- will not solve the problem.\n\nBut our society is gun crazed. We must start somewhere, and creating a legal stigma to unfettered gun addiction is a start.", "We have a Congress who can't come up a decent, fair, affordable health care bill to save their own (collective) lives with some members so beholden to NRA cash they flatly refuse to engage in a serious, significant gun control debate that could save constituent lives. And then there's... the \"president\" and others who've trashed -- or outright refused to follow -- rulings from the highest court in the land. That's a collective system failure. ", "In addition to Senator Feinstein\u2018s proposal, I would ask both the Senate and Congress to press President Trump to reverse his executive order on allowing individuals with mental illnesses to purchase guns. Individuals who are not on their meds or who are not under psychiatric care, should not have easy access to guns. I don\u2019t understand why that order was even signed as a man or woman experiencing psychosis can not distinguish between reality and hallucinations. This is a danger not only to themselves, but others as well. DT\u2019s executive order must be changed ASAP and while it would not have stopped the horrific, painful and heart wrenching tragedy, it can prevent future incidents from occurring. I\u2019m not a psychiatrist, but from news reports regarding his lifestyle it sounds as if the shooter was constantly in a manic state(spending, isolation from family) and the loud music without sleep caused his brain to malfunction. Prior to the shooting with the amount of weapons he had, it seems as if he was paranoid. I know his medical records are protected by Hippa, but he just didn\u2019t wake up one day and start shooting, his mental decay was gradual. \n\nHeartbreaking...just heartbreaking. My heart aches for those who lost their lives and the ones who are injured and recovering. I pray they all have good support systems both physically and mentally around them as survivors guilt is challenging for some individuals to navigate.", "I wish the media spent as much time on these shootings as the republican members of congress. The media should reflect what the American people TRULY feel which can be seen in the officials whom we elect.", "First amendment protection of a peaceful knee on the field is drawn into question, but second amendment protection to violently massacre of 59 is not. Something here is not right.", "To the best of my knowledge, there has never been a mass shooting from a high rise building.  This opens up the possibility of tremendous damage for anyone inclined to copy Paddock.  Until now, the occupants of high rises were thought to be most at risk.  Now those in the streets below also have to worry.  In the world of the sick-minded, Paddock has laid out a novel and effective game plan.  There are countless high rises in the Middle East. And there are countless suicide bombers.  I have to think they are paying attention. American ingenuity strikes again.", "I urge everyone to contact their senators and congressmen-  it is easy to do-  just google their names.  \n\nAlso, we have become numb or blind from these attacks.  Here is what the 2d Amendment how courts have interpreted it:\n\"A sell regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.\"\n\nAlthough we would never take a rifle used for hunting from people or a gun kept in a house for self defense, a full reading of the 2d Amendment shows the forefathers only allowed guns for the equivalent of today's Army or National Guard.  There is no unfettered right to own as many guns as you want.  Also, avid gun owners even though the 2d Amendment on its whole does not allow gun ownership, the NRA has fooled you:  you can still buy guns without the need of your 2d Amendment cover.\n\nCourts have ruled the states have the right to establish laws regulating the use of guns, as in requiring universal background checks. Every other  product sold in U.S. has safety restrictions. Certainly allowing civilians to own semi-automatic weapons or \"bumps\" used by shooter is absurd!\n Congress should be doing its job-  force them to protect us!", "Nothing will change for us. Except -- the gun industry will profit from a surge in gun sales. The cycle continues.", "I hate to make it sound hopeless, but the American love affair with weapons and violence will not be significantly curbed by legislation. It's too late for that.\n\nThe US gun culture and the concomitant willingness to use guns against human beings is so widespread and deeply entrenched that I believe strong legislation to ban or control gun ownership and use would be about as effective as the ban on alcohol during Prohibition.\n\nIf people want something badly enough, legislation just breeds a virulent underground culture that inevitably becomes controlled by criminals. Not only that, the many paranoid people who feel they need guns would likely become even more hostile to the authorities than they are now. Militias would proliferate.\n\nThis would arguably be an even worse situation than the tragic sequence of massacres we have witnessed over the past decade or so. The only real motivation for abandoning something is revulsion. From the industry itself, through gun distributors to actual and potential owners, a sense of disgust and a loss of emotional attachment to guns is really the only effective answer.", "I'm certain that there were a number of \"good guys with a gun\" at the concert.  However, no number of good guys with guns would be able to stop a high rise sniper with assault weapons. ", "A missing element to the gun debate in general: there is a difference between War Guns and Sporting Guns.  That one man could wound and kill almost 600 people by himself sums it up.  ", "In the face of horrific atrocities, the Democrats introduce legislation for the sensible regulation of military-grade weapons. The Republicans, by contrast, encourage us to go and pray.\n\nThat's all I need to determine which party is going to protect me and my family!", "Nevada was a firearms powder keg waiting to explode. \n\nNow we know that Nevada Attorney General, Adam Paul Laxalt has been blocking voter approved regulation of gun ownership. If the law had been enforced, it might not have spared this tragedy, but Laxalt's attempt to block all regulation should tell us something about the willingness of the Nevada executive branch to do anything at all to curtail the gun culture in Nevada. \n\nAnd as if we couldn't guess, there is a perpetual gun show happening in Las Vegas and other cities in Nevada, in which background checks and regulation are completely bypassed. \n\nThese tragedies don't happen for no reason. ", "A major question that should be asked is it is amazing that this type of tragedy didn't happen sooner and when will it happen next?   Obtaining bombs are relatively hard to do in the US but getting guns, outfitting them to shoot 500 rounds a minute and renting hotel rooms facing concerts or sporting events aren't.   I guess this is the price we have to pay to watch a football or baseball game, as alluded to by Bill O'Reily.   ", "\u00e2\u20ac\u0153We will be talking about gun laws as time goes by, Mr. Trump said.\"  Translation: \"Don't hold your breath.  I don't want to alienate my base.\"", "The shooter is thus far a cipher, which illustrates why free access to unlimited firepower is a bad idea.  Not every monster is obvious.  Those in thrall to the NRA say \"now is not the time to talk about gun control,\" or \"look at Chicago, its tough gun laws don't work.\"  Actually, now is an excellent time to talk about gun control.  The case of Chicago demonstrates not that gun laws don't work (there is ample proof that they do -- see Japan, UK, Australia, etc.) but rather it proves that having different laws in adjacent communities doesn't work.  A nation-wide standard would work far better.", "I can't believe that none of the editorial cartoonists have come up with a version of \"The Elephant in the Room\" when it comes to ignoring the real issue of gun control (or safety, if you will).  The GOP is busy trying to divert attention from the core issue, waiting for the next news cycle and a pat on the head from the NRA", "And does anyone believe Congress will finally have the courage to do what is right & limit these weapons, magazines and the devices that enable them to become weapons of mass destruction?\n\nThe deaths of all those children at Sandy Hook Elementary wasn't enough, the deaths of the patrons of the Orlando Night Club weren't enough...what will turn Congress into people who serve the interests of THE PEOPLE, not the NRA, the gun manufacturers and the irrational supporters of unlimited weaponry?\n\nOur institutions of government need to start bringing this country together by representing the interests of reasonable and rational people, not just the incredibly vocal and terrorizing minority who threaten their careers and the very fabric of our society.\n\nWe need courageous people to lead us and represent us, NOW, for the sake of this Country and it's stability.  We need the majority of people to let their elected representatives know what WE want, so that the special interests don't continue to endanger our lives by their greedy, self-serving demands to OUR elected officials.", "I am not interested in the murderer's motives. Ultimately does it really matter why?  \n\nWe know from our own history and the experiences of other countries what to do to reduce gun violence.  It's gun control, starting with a ban on military style weapons.\n\n The 2nd Amendment Absolutists have controlled this debate and our Congress for too murderously long. Until this dangerous minority releases their stranglehold on our Congress, horrific mass murders will continue, even worsen. \n\nPerhaps these \"patriots\" should volunteer to work as clean-up crews in the morgues, E.R.s, and crime scenes after each attack. They may begin to understand the full weight of their misguided campaign.", "The only silver lining to this dark cloud is that by targeting a group of people who are more likely to be pro-gun (country music fans) in a state with lax gun laws, maybe this fellow has made it abundantly clear to that group exactly what is wrong with lax gun laws, and exactly what is wrong with the theory that good citizens with guns can stop a nut with a gun.", "The right to own any weapon should become the Democrats \"repeal and replace\".  If it takes 50 tries to prevent the future acquisition of weapons of terror, then it needs to start now.  Let the Republicans explain it every time why they cherish the right of all to own such weaponry.", "What do you call a system of government controlled by money and not the votes of the people? Is it still a democracy or does it need a new name.", "This person who massacred many people, had issues relating to his childhood, and at the age of 7, his father was spirited away to prison, while he was told that he was dead.  At that age, boys have a special relationship with their father, and not having one in his life, was probably a permanent reason he had two failed marriages, never had children, and ended up doing the jobs he did, managing apartment buildings, accounting, and last, but not least, bragging about making his living gambling in person at casinos, and online.  For those out there that haven't had long conversations, or personally know those who are gambling addicts, whether they can afford to gamble or not, or have lost everything, there is never the idea in their minds that they should stop, and the house rarely loses in the long run.  He seems to have been gambling excessively in the recent weeks where there were 17 instances of triggering the CRT-IRS form, which means have gambling winnings or loses of at least $10,000.  This, and the absence of his girlfriend during this shooting while she was in Asia, and the fact that $100,000 had been wired there, leaves serious questions, and easy answers that, whether or not she cooperates, is honest, she knows a big part of the story.  His family knew he had guns, just not that many or kind.  Living with a guy for almost 3 years in Mesquite, Nevada, where there was hardly anything in the house but several beds, lounge chairs, etc. and there were his guns, she knew. ", "A friend of mine once worked for Pinkerton as a security guard and was given the option of carrying a gun or not. He chose not to as he felt the presence of a gun increases the likelihood that a confrontation will proceed to uncontrollable violence.  Why should my sense of safety and right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness be constantly subjected to the possibility of such violence should one of our gun toting citizens become agitated with me or another or simply go \"nuts\"?   ", "The same people who think that passing gun laws banning weapons and ammo are usually the same ones that think drugs should be legalized.  With drugs they always argue that legalization does not lead to more people using drugs precisely because everyone who wants to do drugs is already disobeying the law anyway.  Yet with guns, they think you can make them illegal and, unlike drugs, people will choose to obey the law and unlike drugs, there will be no black market for people who wish to disobey the law.  ", "I've always felt that the solution was simple. Ban all assault rifles, Ban all bump stocks. Have laws without loopholes that nobody can buy a gun or have a concealed weapon without a background check. Have very tough penalties (including automatic death penalties without appeal) for those who commit crimes (except self defense) using unregistered handguns. That would, hopefully, leave hunting and self-defense arms in the hands of law-abiding citizens, deny them to nuts and gang members, and make the gun lobby happy.", "One action to take in the fight against the NRA.\nA US Memorial for Gun Violence Victims needs to be built and placed in our Capitol. Sections, possibly, for Mass Shooting Victims, and Hate Crimes, and it will have to have a way to grow efficiently and quickly to include future innocent victims.  ", "This latest mass killing has not only resulted in the deaths of many people, but also the often-used answer to such incidents: put even more guns into America's hands. The rationale is that if a murderer starts shooting into a crowd, people in the crowd can fell the shooter with their own weapons.\nBut Paddock was not in the crowd. Having people drawing their guns and start shooting others drawing their guns would have mad an apocalyptic event hyper-apocalyptic.\nEven if armed citizens within the concert crowd had recognized the source of the gunfire, were they to begin firing into the hotel. What are the odds these shots would have killed the shooter, and not hotel guests drawn to their windows from the likely unrecognizable sound of an automatic weapon?\nIt is time that weapons manufacturers, their lobbyists, and other firearm-ophiles to rethink their approach toward reducing violence in our country.", "Constitutional Originalists -- led by the late Justice Scalia -- claim they must stick to what the Founding Fathers had in mind when they wrote the document in 1787. If that's the case they must be consistent: the right to \"keep and bear arms\" must mean muskets and single-shot, muzzle loading pistols -- not semi-automatic, multi-cartridge rifles and machine guns, which they never dreamed of. Does anyone really believe they would have written such all-encompassing words if \"arms\" had meant what we have today?", "Dear Justices of the John Roberts Court (and Neil Gorsuch*):\n\nIs it really an unconstitutional intrusion to merely license and monitor guns and gun owners?  Would the \"original\" Americans really have shied away from challenging their neighbor, if they thought the person was dangerous?  And do you think that maybe your Heller decision could have been a bit more emphatic, on the point that many weapons and related devices shouldn't be available to the public?\n\nAll the process arguments and the tortured logic really don't measure up now, after someone has shot about 600 people in under 30 minutes.\n\nA citizen for freedom ... from death by bullet.", "Correction:  in the last paragraph of the article it says that the Sunrise Hospital and Medical Center is in walking distance to the concert venue. It is not. It is about seven miles.\nI commend The NYTimes on its outstanding reporting of the many aspects of this evolving story and especially its commitment to set the record correct with respect to false reporting by Alt-fact and Alt-right websites. This is now a necessary element of reporting and part of responsible journalism.", "That's our president - good at name calling, not very good at taking action.", "Let this sink in Lawmakers: \"Bump stocks are legal and inexpensive, with some versions advertised for $99.\" If this murderer could not purchase his \"bump stock\" legally, like Sen Feinstein had recommended, then MAYBE, just MAYBE this madman might not have been able to gun down hundreds.\n\nIt that worth it Lawmakers????\n\nDo something Lawmakers or go home.", "Most of these terrorists must be suffering great envy for the destructive power of one weaponized ordinary American. But it really seems silly to keep all of these immigrants out when statistically  they have a better record once in the country than is norm for US citizens. Trump should increase immigration from Islamic countries to improve the domestic safety situation. Seriously.", "Ah cool. Where can I get one? That would be so neat.", "Of course he was sick, isn'it obvious? The question is why  is it possible in America for such a sick individual to have so many weapons?! Who needs so many weapons in a normal society? Can we just focus on what guns are made for? They're made to kill. Period", "Time to put the Second Amendment back on Mayflower.", "Why? Because he could. ", "Since the NRA will whine and complain about taking the guns from their supporters and how their rights will be taken away how about stopping any more bullets from being sold in America. Just the police and military should have the bullets.  If they keep digging into gunman past find no mental issues I know of one that needs to come front and center.  Brain scan X-rays  can now show people who drink have serious holes develop in their heads and those holes cause violence and aggression.  Marijuana brains have horribles holes in the brains also.  I hope an autopsy will show that also.  If people buy  up huge amounts of bullets they should be monitored also. ", "\"No Sign of Links to Terrorists\" strikes me as factually incorrect; the guy was a terrorist. ", "Not an avid gun guy at all? How many weapons qualifies as avid?", "It won't be long before Trump starts puffing up his chest and claiming the largest mass shooting in US history happened on his watch.", "It doesn't make any sense....why have so many guns in the hotel room? If this guy was intent on killing people you'd think he'd have maybe a few guns and lots of ammo...\nDoes anyone know if this guy ever went to shooting ranges?\nDid he even shoot any of the guns he bought?\nWhat was the time period during all his weapons purchases?\nDid he plan to 'take one for the team' and create a situation that would further gun control?\nWhy didn't he shoot the police officers who rushed into his room? Maybe his true intent would be revealed?  Why kill himself? Did he leave any suicide note?\nThis guy has been planning this for a long time...", "\"As time goes by\" and hundreds and thousands continue to die \"we will talk about it\" and never do a thing about it.", "The craven GOP strategy of offering our thoughts (like no one is thinking about this tragedy) and prayers (let us waste everyone\u2019s time with superstitious nonsense) is right out of their NRA-funded playbook.  Then they play the \u201cmental-illness\u201d card.  Everyone is \u201cnormal\u201d until they do something terrible with a gun then they must have \u201cmental illness\u201d and, of course, we must let \u201cnormal\u201d people have any type of efficient people-killing tool they want.  With that logic nothing will ever be done.    The GOP year after year demonstrates that it is absolutely unfit to govern.  Wake up Trump chumps.   Wake up Trump!  Take care of your citizens and not your cronies.", "So now the logical question is the bump stock he had did he somehow make it himself i e was it homemade? Did he get it illegally did he get it legally? And if the latter then clearly he should not have been able to do so. No one should be able to do so. Give me one good reason why a private citizen should be able to purchase such a item!!!  The only private citizen that would buy such an item is a mass murderer in the works", "What does his motive matter? Is there any motive that justifies this? If he is mad, angry, had a bad childhood, is linked to ISIS, loves Trump, hates Trump -- who cares? He may be a lone wolf, but he was influenced by others -- you wouldn't have to go far to find radio broadcasts, websites, and podcasts which encourage people to take matters into their own hands. And if you identified this sources, so what? The only solution is to make guns less available, then motive, mental health, sources of grievance, or whatever else wouldn't matter. We can't ever make a person's childhood better than it was, but we can deny him guns.", "Just another domestic incident where instead of the gunman killing himself and his partner - this gunman decided to take out happy loved people who weren't depressed or had money grabbing girlfriends. Suicide is anger turned inwards - murder is anger turned outwards.", "If only we had England's parliamentary system!\n\nTrump and company would have lost a \"vote of confidence\" long ago.  \n\nAnd we would be free of his perpetual incompetence and folly.", "He was sick, great comment. More importantly he was armed to the teeth with assault weapons. He had more than 40 weapons. Were they registered? Was he a dealer? No alarms went off? Is it time for Congress to hem and haw with the NRA, again?", "The last two verses of\n\nIRON\n\nShovels,\nBroad, iron shovels,\nScooping out oblong vaults,\nLoosening turf and leveling sod.\n\nI ask you\nTo witness--\nThe shovel is brother to the gun. \n\nCarl Sandburg", "Motives...perhaps he did it because he could. You can amass that kind of firepower in the US...all legally. These kinds of tragic events are unstoppable unless we become a police state. Crazy crazy crazy...", "It seems pretty clear what his motive was.  In every case, take a look at the targeted crowd.  Duh.", "There's another sick person in the room, Mr. NotMyPresident Trump, YOU. If he had any sense of responsibility for the American people he would look at fixing the gun laws in a way that would prevent many of these mass shootings as well as irresponsible gun use. But he can't do that because he is beholden to the NRA and his racist base. Common sense licensed gun owners want common sense gun laws. Allowing these semi-automatic guns to be sold to the public in the first place, sometimes by unlicensed gun shops (i.e., gun shows!) is very destructive. When are the republican members of congress, and democrats, going to work together to solve this dire disease? Make sure you all keep sending your condolences and prayers because you know that will solve the gun problem.", "59 dead and 527 injured by a single gunman. \n\nI hope Trump has the cuhones to stand up to the NRA, as much as he did with the faux outrage over players taking a knee at an NFL game.", "So massive is the movement of american resources and knowledge overseas by military and business, it is a clear weak link", "Why he needed 23 guns in his hotel room? Where's his driver license photo?\nWhat his girlfriend who lived with him told FBI about his 42 guns and rifles that they decided she's not a person of interest?", "In 2012, twenty 6 and 7 year old kids were gunned down at the Sandy Hook Elementary School.  Last year, 49 people were gunned down at a Florida nightclub.  This week, 59 people were gunned down and hundreds injured.  According to Fortune magazine, there have been more that 150 mass shootings for 2017.  Yet, Trump's response is \"We will be talking about gun laws as time goes by . . .\"\n\nReally?  How much more time does Trump and Congress need?  For 2017, the body count is pretty high now, but I guess they want it to increase \"bigly\" before they even start TALKING about it.\n\nAnd to the NRA who opposes virtually every form of gun regulation, claims peoples 2nd amendment rights are in danger (which is totally stupid considering what it takes to overturn a constitutional amendment), who gave over $30 million to Trumps 2016 campaign and many more millions to other Republican candidates, I'm holding up my right hand and a single finger in your direction -- guess which one it is?  ", "Each year 44,000 Americans die by suicide. You don't need too many of them wanting to take others along for the ride to get some serious mass carnage.", "The need to make sense out of an irrational act is in itself insane. We can grieve all we want. Doing something constructive about the problem counts more. If you do nothing, you are part of the murder act.", "The rate of death by gunshot in the #UnitedStatesofArmament is in line with that of Latin America as a whole (and with Mexico in particular, a country and a people that the US labels as 'dangerous').  I think the US needs to take a good hard look in the mirror.\n\n(Be sure to look at the colored bubble-chart in the attached.  It's crystal clear....the US is as dangerous as many countries in Latin America...the very same countries that some Latin Americans flee, if only because the people think that while the US is also dangerous, it can provide better economic, social and educational opportunities than the countries they are fleeing...)\n\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_firearm-related_death...\n\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_firearm-related_death...", "We're the only \"civilized\" country that refuses healthcare for everyone, but allows anyone to buy an arsenal of guns and assault rifles.  Sick.  I hate the Republicans in Congress.", "just as I was reading your headlines,\"Motives\" now,breaking news stated sent thousands to the Philippines. Why was his partner dismissed as innocent? Surely she knew of his gun stockpiling& read two places about a woman matching her description saying \"someone is going to die at this concert\"-suddently she's out of the country? Strange that no one has studied when she ran off and the 2 cars? He had 2 failed marriages, now this girlfriend long-term.", "   Trying to unearth this gunman's motive is like trying to discern Trumpsky's motive. I guess we should not be Russian to conclusions.", "The motives of the lone shooters are irrelevant.  The method matters.\n\nPlease call your Congresspeople and the White House to let them know that.  \n\nThose of us who live in blue states need you:)", "I am somewhat of an expert on Firearms including AR15's. I have fire \"Bump Stocks\". There is no way the burst of shots I have heard on TV came from a rifle with a \"bump Stock\". Bump Stocks are mechanically simple and have to be held in a certain way to even work. I am waiting for real cause of those gunfire burst. The wack job might have had some \"Bump Stocks\" from the 23 Firearms officials said he had in his room but he had to have some real \"Machine Guns\" for those burst. Also, It is hard as heck to get a license for a (extremely Illegal) Automatic Rifle. Reason they are so rare and you do not see them at Ranges or other places. I suggest anyone portraying it is simple to get one actually try it and they will see (if they even get one) how absurd their claims are. ", "The Austin tower shooting in August, 1966 comes to mind.", "The enabler: all GOP without exceptions.\nBesides, NRA is a power above the Constitution. If the Supreme Court should \"hear\" this absolutely NRA massacre 0f guns and the Second, we have there  three more GOP enablers--Thomas, Alito and the latest addition of another enabler, Gorsuch.\nWe are doomed.", "I just called my NV GOP Senator Heller and Rep Amodei and told them to stop taking blood money from the NRA, they get enough from other lobbying groups and to vote against silencers.  I suggest you do the same to your Congressmen!", "The Las Vegas bloodbath was mass shooting number 272 this year alone.\nhttp://www.gunviolencearchive.org/reports/mass-shooting\nSince then, we have had two more. This is the latest, in Florida.\nhttp://www.mysuncoast.com/dead-in-nokomis-shooting/article_d258edc4-a83b...\nBut with only 3 people dead, national media will not deem it a mass shooting.\nWith one such incident averaging per day, perhaps if media showed us all of them when they happen Americans would do something about this.\nIt is a plague. And it is the norm here.\nWe cannot fix what we will not acknowledge.\nhttps://emcphd.wordpress.com", "I'm no detective, but when they mentioned a Philippine girlfriend, I was suspicious.  Reason:  The Philippines has a HUGE drug problem. The money from the Philippine drug trade is a major source of income for ISIS.  My guess is that this man was an ISIS supporter.", "Repeal the second amendment.", "too many guns brought to the hotel says to me this guy was a head case", "The shooter sounds like a mafia hit man.  No trail to speak of.  No arrests.  Excellent shot.  Multi-millionaire.  We'll see.\n\nI smell Steve Bannon and Putin - along with their brethren in the Top 1% Global Financial Elite.  They make their money - and think they get power - through chaos.  They love to keep us pre-occupied with mass shootings and racist problems so we won't pay attention as they destroy democracy.\n\nDid you know OUR United States Congress/Senate let the Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIPS) expire last week?  School age children have had access to very inexpensive insurance through their schools for twenty years, thanks to Ms. Hillary Rodham Clinton.  No more.  It's gone.\n\nThose dirty, rotten scoundrels (exploitative deleted).", "After reading the details about his life and lifestyle, I suspect he wanted to pursue the \"thrill kill.\" ", "I think the one way Congress would act to pass severe gun laws would be IF we, the American people, stopped attending these mass events!!  I don't care what they are, music, sports, rallies. etc.  That will affect the pocket books of the money people and only THEN will they do something!  And I, for one, wouldn't dream,  at this point in time, of attending ANY of those for ANY reason.  There is a reason they are called \"mass shootings!\"", "What are the arguments for needing a bump stock? Self-defense? That is how crazy it gets.", "So I'm supposed to believe that a retired accountant whom no one close to him knew of any interest in guns nor any malice toward anyone, without any criminal record, suddenly, at age 64, turns into an arsenal-owning premeditated suicidal mass murderer who has the know-how to modify rifles for more lethal effect? Not buying it. ", "These horrific massacres can never be stopped if the perpetrator keeps his intentions secret. This guy was able to own 30 weapons and no one seems to have been aware of it. How do we benefit from \"reading\" the killer's mind? It won't stop the next one. Doesn't matter what he thought.\nBetter question, why doesn't Switzerland and other countries without mass gun culture have as many serial killers and lone wolf massacres? Not even close. Australia has a similar frontier-gun loving history, but they got fed up with their massacres and regulated gun access, with huge benefits. Gun violence down 50%, as many NYT readers have pointed out.\nThere is something alienating about American society. Even in poor countries with suffering on a vast scale you do not see serial killing and lone wolf slaughter like here.\nBut we do not have a failed country(yet), war on our soil, terrorist mini armies raping and chopping off limbs and killing wantonly for plunder or religion. No, we go abroad and inflict cosmic levels of military misery---WHY??\nWe wring our hands over, 49, 58, 26, 3000 deaths. All horrible. Meanwhile, WE have killed millions of innocents.\nWill we ever look at WHY our society produces more derangement of individuals who kill for satisfaction than any other? We invented torture porn films, slasher films, violence is a colossal part of US history, it's how we got this land. Japan makes violent films,, violent history, why no serial killing and lone wolf incidents on our scale?", "Basically, I don't care what his motive was - the actions he took were enough for me.   Now, when will it be enough for Congress and our deluded President?  No hunter of anything other than people needs an assault rifle or machine gun.   Hunters don't need special ammunition that spirals and expands on impact.   If hunters want rifles and/or handguns for hunting, OK, but limit the number of guns or rifles per person, do the background checks and remove the armor-piercing bullets from sale to the general public.   We as a nation are entitled to be able to go out in public without worrying that some armed lunatic wants to go out in a blaze of glory (in his mind, anyway) and will use us for target practice. ", "Irony: Due to a lack of universal health care, the victims must use GoFundMe, but anyone can purchase a gun.  Why ISN'T health care a matter of national security?  How many more massacres must we endure?  Or are we simply going to tolerate this insanity?  And Mr. O'Reilly: if these killings are the price of our right to own guns, when did the right to live come second?  ", "When the gunned-down Sandy Hook first graders didn't seem to strike any human chord when it comes to gun regulations, \"thoughts and prayers\" lost any meaning, if they ever had one. Prayers and politicians are like oil and water--you shake them for a day and they mix. Then they settle until the next shake.  Who cares about the motive? Not the dead ones, that is for certain.  Stop praying and start acting.  ", "NY Times headline reads, \"The Biggest Mystery in Las Vegas Shooting: The Killer's Motive.\"\n\nThe killer's motive may always be a mystery.  Focusing on his motive, however, distracts from the horror of the massacre.  Whatever his motive, gun laws in the U.S. aided this man in his killing spree. He would not have been able to inflict death on 59 people without access to a collection of powerful firearms, some of which were legally purchased. ", "We can't control the motives. We can control the guns.", "Great, so now the \"Bump Stock\" stock will go up.", "Follow the money. Sage advice that worked once before.", "Silencers are not protected by the US Constitution.\nPeople who advocate for silencers are anti-police and anti-law-and-order.\nThey obviously care more about helping murderers than victims.", "Like 99% of these cases, the shooter ended up dead.  About half the time they die by their own hand.  Pay attention to that.  These people expect to die; and possibly intend to die.\n\nThis is compatible with the theory that mass shootings are suicides, with the intent that the world now notice and remember them; forever.  Your face and life will instantly be on the front page of every newspaper on the planet.  If, of course, your exit is bigger and worse than the last one.  \n\nWhat we know so far about the present case is also compatible with this idea.  So far as anyone has been able to tell, the man would easily qualify as a complete \"nonentity\".  A nothing, important to no one.  That can be hard to live with.  It's not impossible that he decided to stop living - and make so much noise doing it that now - finally - the world will notice him.\n\nHistorically, that has sometimes been motive enough.", "You cannot determine the 'motives' of a dead man - this is the kind of nonsense that pervades our current leadership.  The way to have a healthy society is to support education for all children, provide help for the sick and needy, and not flood it with weapons of mass destruction.", "Apparently we can't accept the notion that most Americans are shot by other Americans yet do not qualify as \"terrorists.\"  Just the price we've got to pay for the precious \"freedom\" of preying on each other or settling scores with acquaintances Such accidental, intentional or psychosis-induced killings by the thousands every year are just the price we have to pay for the precious \"freedom\" of toting weaponry out of fear of \"big government\" (which could use aircraft and missile-laden drones to wipe us out any time it wanted to whether we have firearms or not) or the \"apocalypse\" of whomever's angry god.", "Oh, we'll \"be talking about gun laws as time goes by,\" as Trump said. Meaning that time will keep going by, those in power will keep talking, and nothing will be done. And time will keep going by, and going by.... ", "Time and again, especially after mass shootings, there is a short lived public hyperactive discourse about gun control; in a few days the discourse peters out, NRA and the gun lobby wins, and nothing happens. If anything, more guns are sold immediately following each shooting episode. In the meantime, every year, 36,000 Americans lose their lives as a result of someone firing a gun. How come our politicians are so callous about this grim reality? They cower instead of squarely facing up to the NRA.\n\nCongress, not the NRA,  is responsible for passing laws, including those for limiting gun sales. Yet, the NRA has such a stranglehold on Congress that the latter is impotent for passing any meaningful life saving gun control laws. \n\n36000 people dead every year, yet no Congressional action. What a shame for a democracy.", "Several years ago while visiting family in Alabama I attended a Bible study group in a large Methodist Church. Within minutes the group was discussing biblical proof that President Clinton was the anti-Christ. They worried that he was looking for an excuse to declare marshall law and not call an election. I was flabbergasted. Years go by and I began to hear the same arguments about Obama. It seems to me that a significant number of people in the Republican Party/Tea Party/religious right are preparing mentally and physically for a war with non-believers so that's why they want their guns. They say paranoid things in public and terrifying things in private. They are truly sorry that a nasty sociopath kill people at a music festival but they still think they will be fighting for their unique interpretation of freedom. ", "No one in the news has asked/answered the question about the shooter's health.  He may have been told that he has a terminal disease.  It's something dramatic.  This country has blinkers on when it comes to excessive gun availability and little regulation.  This tragedy just gave ISIS some more ideas about large-scale mayhem.", "Trump should visit the hospitals, and so should Bannon. It's being reported elsewhere that Bannon is threatening Trump not to do anything about gun control. Both of them need to confront the consequences of this.", "I have questions.  Is he the shooter?\nThere are indeed somethings that do not add up.\n\nThe one recording heard 98 gun shots in just less than 10 seconds.  The usual AK magazine holds 30 shots.  He had how many magazines?,,, and of what capacity?  It takes minutes to load a 30 shot magazine,, it may take half an hour to load a 100 shot magazine,,, if there is such a thing in his room.  How many bullets did one man fire?  In how short a time?\n\nOne man?  Two broken windows?  How far away?  Shooting at a strong down angle??  He moved into his room with 2,000 pounds of equipment??  A large enough bulk that he would have needed a pickup truck or van?  How do you sneak a refrigerator past hotel security?\n\nWhat if he were held prisoner and three or four men made the attack,,, and then shot him?\n\nOne man firing 2,000 or 3,000 rounds stretches credibility.  It is easier to believe that he is a dupe.", "Strongly disagree with the headline. Understanding motive will do absolutely nothing to reduce the chance of the next mass shooting. Reducing access to military-grade weapons will.", "\u201cWhat happened is, in many ways, a miracle.\u201d\n- Donald Trump\n\nI prefer the kind of miracle that nobody is aware of, like a guy like Paddock not being able to shoot 500 people because the enabling weapon is not available to him.  That kind of miracle requires no divine intervention, just common sense on the part of people who are supposed to be the rights of citizens.", "The American solution to gun violence has been and always will be thoughts and prayers for the victims. That's it. Let's go shopping.", "Looking for a motive?\n\nThe answer is the shooter shot because he had the means and desire to do so.  Simple as that.", "We can't even have \"sensible common sense\" gun regulations!  Why are armor piercing bullets, bump stocks and soon silencers legal?  They are clearly not required for self protection or hunting.\n\nAnd are we free if we have to be afraid to go to the movies (Colorado), night clubs (Miami), schools (Conn.) and now concerts?", "Alas, there is nothing surprising about this recent mass shooting. We knew another would happen--and can only wonder when and where the next will be.\n\nTo the great grief of all who've lost loved ones to guns, our politicians have allowed the NRA to make our bed. Whether attending a concert, nightclub, school, shopping in a mall or walking down some streets, or living with a depressed or angry individual, the rest of us are forced to lie in it.", "Why is this even news? For years the NRA has been telling Americans that more guns equals more safety, and that there is nothing particularly bad about assault-weapons. Many people seem to agree. Elected representatives certainly agree. \n\nA man had 20 plus weapons in his possession. Some were assault weapons. He exercised his precious 2nd Amendment rights to use them. End of story. God bless America. ", "Who cares about the motive?\nI don't.", "The \"biggest mystery\" is not WHY.  It's really a non-mystery: the answer is HOW.  Because we know how: he had high-powered assault weapons designed to kill people and he used them as designed.  That's no mystery.  The mystery is not his motive - who cares?!  It's a mystery WHY we let these kinds of weapons be available to be used by anyone to kill innocent men, women and children.   After Sandy Hook, for me, it was inexplicable.  That's the mystery. ", "All talk, no action but Trump is very good at kicking the problem down the road.  And Congress, no help at all except for a few who want to end this madness.  What happened this weekend should never have happened but laxity and not caring are the result.  If I could afford it would call every Senator and House member and tell them to take a look at themselves and see that NOW is the time for more gun control and less buttering up to the NRA.  How much more of this can we take?  ", "\u201cWhat happened is, in many ways, a miracle,\u201d [Trump] said.\n\nJust. Shut. Up.", "Could the NYT please do a better job of reporting this story and let us know ASAP how many people of the over 500 injured were shot.  How many people are in the hospital with gun shot wounds versus injuries from crowd movement, running, etc.  To get the full impact of this horrible act we need to understand how many people were gunned down with a machine gun!  Maybe once we understand the magnitude of the harm people will really get why this kind of device and selling people endless numbers of bullets must be constrained in the law.  We need to fully understand that one of our citizens machine-gunned his fellow citizens.", "Let's all agree that the Republican party in particular is not going to do anything to limit gun violence. Their partisans insisted that the Supreme Court be stuffed with justices who for whom the words \"a well-regulated militia\" are invisible and who hallucinate an individual's right to possess all manner of guns. It won't get better until the court is changed, if that ever happens. Until then, as Trump says, \"We will be talking about gun laws as time goes by\" while we bleed out.", "evil? that's our president...selfish and evil...", "Well, as long as Trump can think of an insulting name for somebody he thinks is evil, how can anybody say he hasn't responded to the situation?", "\u201cWe will be talking about gun laws as time goes by.\"\n\nYes, we will be just talking about gun laws.  As time goes by and more people are killed.", "We will be talking was people die.", "As a much-needed reminder of gun violence, we all should ask the Mandalay Bay Resort to never fix those windows.  Leave them up there as a cracked reminder as to why nothing is safe in gun culture.\nSounds crazy? In this gun society, things we never dreamed of turn out to be incredibly dangerous.  Who would have predicted that a tall tower with a sight line to 22,000 humans is dangerous? Only in retrospect do we see the impact of normalizing the act of walking around a lobby with a weapon. And at the same time, that we handed a maniac the keys to the tower so they can shoot into the crowd.\nWe would be crazier not to realize the uselessness our collective ritual of politicians saying \"come together\", all the news casting, the blaming, and the semantic arguments about the meaning of terror.  Of course the killer is evil, and we might even pin down his particular brand of insanity. But, we can't fall for this again. It is a total waste of time.  At the end we know a bit about one man, but can never predict or prevent the next attack until we change the system.  Now what? We watch buildings and restructure society? Leave it up. \n\nHow far will we go before we realize a society is the result of its laws. These attacks are us.  Until the right-wing gives in, mass murders are the norm. Just like hurricanes, floods or earthquakes, they'll occur with some regularity. The autopsy that makes sense is the one that asks why we won't change our culture. And we know that answer already.", "White guy: \"crazy\"\nNon-white guy: \"terrorist\"\n\nSorry, this was an act of a terrorist.\n\nAnd by the NYT's own reckoning: In the past 477 Days. 521 Mass Shootings. Zero Action From Congress. ", "This is similar to a well planned terrorist attack, and the best and probably only weapon we have is information - before the attack is carried out. Without even wading into the gun control debate, the need and rights of the government to monitor anyone who purchases large quantities of firepower should be without question. And if dealers at gun shows are not reporting significant weapons purchases, then they need to be shut down.", "\"...no sign of terrorists...\" Unless, of course, you consider Trump's buddy Duerte a terrorist...\n\nHow about that one.\n\nProbably a good idea for the Trumper to get out of Puerto Dodge early.", "I wonder what miracle Trump is referring to?  First responders are no match for a shooter who can get off nine rounds of ammo per second. It is hard to credit anyone with miraculous heroism when 59 people are dead and more than 500 injured. It's tragic and senseless, not miraculous.  ", "It's not just important to have gun control to prevent such atrocities but also to understand the motives. Having stricter gun control makes it harder for a killer to achieve his goals, yes, but he may still get a weapon illegally, use a kitchen knife or a truck like some extremists did in Europe. The investigating authorities need to understand what drives the person(s) who commit such a heinous act. ", "It does not matter at this point what the gunman's motive was.  We will never understand his motivations, reasons, rationale - because these are not rationale actions, that can be justified by reasons.  The US needs gun safety laws... and universal health care.  \n\nThe second amendment does not guarantee a person to own 35 lethal weapons.  At the time of the writing of the second amendment, arms were muskets .... by that logic, each American should be armed (if they wish), with a musket.  The gun lobby and their greedy and or misguided proponents through their willful disregard and fanatical reasoning, clinging to words without context are causing the killing of innocent women, children and men.  And the country .... and congress .... and the president remain silent.  \n\nGun safety laws are an imperative.  Health care should be a right for all citizens . .. and climate change is real.  ", "Let me see if I've got this right.  The shooter owned 44 guns and the gun lobby will continue to uphold his right to buy more.  \n\nThe NRA hijacked the 2nd amendment 40 years ago and convinced a segment of the population that the government will always want to take their guns from them.  When will Congress stand up to the gun lobby and get some commonsense legislation passed?", "Everyone wants to know his motives. Dead men don't talk. Obviously few people really knew him even his brothers don't appear to know very much.\n\nHe obviously had his plan in place for a while. It took some time to locate and purchase the equipment. Maybe he saw a movie that inspired him or some you tube video gave him the idea. \n\nI have a friend who was a liberal New Yorker. He moved to Las Vegas and with in 6 months was a very different person. He became conservative, talked about conspiracies and purchased guns. I wondered about the change as did family members.  ", "As a resident of Washington DC area since President Truman days and I am still here to witness the changing of America everyday. America is getting more diversified and more democratic without a strong leader and a strong Congress. It makes me feel that our country is moving forward without good sense of direction. We are lost in the middle of nowhere. People are wondering what will happen to us now. The rich getting richer and the poor have no future to looking forward. I enjoyed the golden days of America after WWII and rebuild our country and became the world most respected  country. I could not believe the mass killing would happen in our country and I hope it will be the first time and also be   the last time for this kind of human tragedy. There are many Americans feel frustrated about the future of our divided country. One thing for sure we do need a great leader to lead us out of the hopeless situation. Americans should love Americans. Please do not protest against each other. We are all Americans with different skin colors and religious faith. Lets live together peacefully and help each other.", "Sadly, this will not be the last time we read of gun violence.\nThe stunning part is the ability of the shooter to acquire his arsenal\nwithout anyone taking notice. ", "In 1966 after Charles Whitman shot people from a tower on the University of Texas campus, it was concluded that a brain tumor at least contributed to his behavior.  The Vegas shooter had a psychotic father who was on the FBIs most dangerous list. There may have been a contributing genetic factor.\nThe big difference of course between this mass killing and Whitman's was the fire power and no place for people to hide.\nEven without political reasons, people may be moved to kill others.  Tightening up background checks might reduce the killing.  A history of familial asocial behavior would seem to be a red flag.   ", "I think everyone is forgetting the formal definition of terrorism which a majority of the news outlets are utilizing which entails that the specific act of violence is for political means. ", "I trust implicitly that the New York Times would be equally stumped at identifying a motive had the targets been attendees at a rap concert.  I really do.", "And here the usual outrage and clever snark (comment number 1) of the NYT forum echo chamber, which nobody but us readers will ever see. We're not as complicit of course, but there needs to be so much more done than this armchair-rhetoric, leftist bumper-sticker chatter for anything to really change. ", "When investigators are saying he has no link to terrorism does it mean he is not a Muslim? Or He is white so he cannot be terrorist.", "Why the he'll is there speculation about his motives? THERE IS NO MYSTERY HERE.\n\nDeranged suicidal deranged American men (the great predominance are men) are in a competition to up the ante!  Make a bigger and bigger splash in the media!  \n\nJust killing your girlfriend in a murder-suicide? Boring.\n\nSlaughtering your spouse and children before you shoot yourself? That's old hat.  \n\nWith lax gun laws and the ocean of arms in circulation, you can now accumulate a huge arsenal and murder as many random human bodies as possible before law enforcement stops you (and then, finally, you turn the gun on yourself).\n\nAfter your rampage and death, your face and name will be known to every American and the media will focus on your life in fascination.  What a perfect way to die!", "Why care about motives?  History is showing us these killers are becoming more cunning and less predictable.   What we should be focusing on is that if someone wants to kill they should have LESS access to such weapons and artillery.  If the NRA continues to have their way (as they have up to this point)  and our representatives continue to cave to them,  they will have more and easier access to deadlier weapons.  Nothing will ever make sense of the carnage we witnessed in Las Vegas.  Focus on what can be changed and have the courage to do it. ", "Gun advocates see red as soon as they hear the term gun control. They think we want to take away all their guns and rifles. Okay instead of gun control can we just talk about ammunition in and of itself? This guy presumably legally purchased thousands of rounds of ammo. How was this not tracked analyzed flagged and then ultimately questioned. Why would a private citizen need so much ammo? Where is the common sense?! Instead of us fighting back and forth can we not agree that there should be a limit to ammunition that a person can legally purchase within a certain timeframe?", "In the movie Wall Street, someone asked Gordon Gekko why he needed to wreck a company, and he answered, \"Because it's wreckable, all right!\"\nMaybe we've reached the stage in gun violence where there is no discernible motive or reason, beyond that it's possible. That when there are so many guns in so many homes, every day some one will use one to hurt someone else. Because it's possible. Because there are too many guns. Maybe every police station in every town and city in America could start a drive where citizens are encouraged to give up their guns. That after the next tragedy, when people ask, \"What can I do to help?\", the answer across the nation will be to not just give blood, but to give up your guns. To be part of the solution, not part of the problem of too many guns.", "I imagine most of the weapons this guy used cost a lot less than most medical procedures and prescription drugs, if paid for in cash. \n\nIf we have to license, register, and insure drivers and cars, we should have to do the same for guns and gun owners. And don't start bellyaching about your second amendment. Show me a well regulated militia, and maybe we can talk about the \"right\" way to present oneself during the national anthem.", "Could law enforcement use laser pointers to blind a gunman?  It would seem at that distance it may be an effective tool.  ", "Just watched a video of a gun fitting with a \"bump stock.\" Frightening. Never heard of them until now. And these are legal, why?\n\nWhat possible reason could Congress have for not prohibiting the sale and use of \"bump stocks?\" ", "so it's too soon to talk about effective gun control, but not too soon to speculate about the \"motive\" of a man with free and unfettered access to weapons of mass murder. does anyone else see the disconnect here? ", "Hopepfully, deep toxicology studies will be done to determine whether Mr. Paddock was on prescription drugs that could have caused this homicidal/suicidal behavior.  A glance at the compendium of \"SSRI Stories\" will show that, in many such incidents, the SSRI/SNRI antidepressants were present.  The warning is on the label.", "The question of motive isn't always applicable. How do you find reason or logic with insanity? \n\nIf we are to find any logic it's this: How to motivate those thousands of presumed Trump loving country fans to face the real music and confront what they have long perpetuated in Washington - a party that panders to a reactionary base critical of how common sense reform can save lives while preserving gun ownership and practical use? Draw your own conclusion. \n\nThe NRA is a domestic terror organization. Any and every lawmaker who sits on the side of the NRA is responsible for murder. We cannot accept this any longer. Call it what it is. ", "The USA has less than 5% of the worlds population. but nearly 50% of the civilian owned guns in the world. I can't believe that the Framers had this in mind when they wrote the 2nd Amendment. Australia had a mass shooting in 1966 and \"the powers to be\" got together and wrote some tough legislation that took guns off the streets and out the hands of people in general. so today Australia has 1.4 homicides per million people and the USA has 29.7 gun deaths per million people. Until our powers of be get the collective will power to control guns in the USA, sick guy or not we will continue to see these tragedies ", "With 320 million Americans and plenty of assault weapons available to even people with mental problems, mass shootings will continue. With this 32nd floor mass murder, other guys with similar motives will now be looking at hotel options. As one who served in Vietnam (101st Airborne, 1967-68) and was wounded, like tens of thousands of other veterans, I know what an assault weapon can do. Unfortunately, our American political system, led by Republicans, will not restrict assault weapons use, even to those with violent criminal backgrounds. ", "Caring about his motives will bring back none of the dead.\n\nIt will not assuage the grief of those who lost someone that night.\n\nAt this point, the only thing that really matters is that this country lift itself from its benighted stupor and do real work to prevent this from ever happening again.", "i own 2 handguns, i use them for target practice. that said, it's hard to imagine why somebody would need a silencer or an assault weapon. i guess many of you would ask why i need a handgun....and so the argument goes.", "We need to make purchasing ammunition like purchasing prescription drugs, with certified, trained pharmacists. For some of these wacko gun \"hobby\" owners, guns and ammo are an addiction. Sure, there will be illegal ammo sales, but, the supply will be somewhat controlled and limited. At the pharmacy you can get some medications on prescription easier than others. Blood pressure meds are easier to get than controlled substances. Antibiotics are watched fairly closely. If bullets are counted like pills we would have a pretty good idea of where they are going most of the time. And, like controlled substances, if too many are going in one direction, an investigation could be launched. And, just like with traffic tickets, if you get too many of them, you can lose your license. Makes sense to me. Why should anyone who isn't crazy be afraid of an idea that runs along these lines??? ", "How do the makers, sellers and advertisers of \"bump-stocks\" sleep at night? How can we tolerate this irresponsibility? ", "There was a bill that was to be voted on that would allow silencers on guns.  Or to paraphrase Trevor Noah...\"there are too many mass shootings in this country so Congress wants to allow silencers because the noise is disturbing the public.\"", "Get shot and can't afford the health care that you'll need for the rest of your life?Too bad. Brought to you by the NRA owned politicians.", "The right to bear arms and the right to free speech must be protected! They are the bedrock to the freedom we enjoy as Americans. Take them away, we might as well become slaves to tyranny.", "The focus on motive is strange.\nThere is no motive in mental illness.", "Why don't all firearms have a barcode   that would enable the  the firearm to be tracked?", "For heaven's sake, there is little mystery about his \"motives\"! Absent some connection to a specific ideological belief system, or evidence of long-standing psychosis, of which there appears to be none, the answer is obvious: a deadly cocktail of rage, hopelessness, and a sense of being invisible.\n\nThe real question to ask is why so many people in this culture of self-realization fall through the cracks. The Second Amendment was equally in full force in 1935, 1945, 1955 . . . occurrences like this were nonexistent.\n\nThe question no one wants to deal with is why mass murder has become a viable outlet for personal problems of this kind. No one wants to acknowledge that these changes go along with other cultural changes.", "If not now, when? We had the Columbines, the Sandy Hooks, and now this. Yes, there isn't any silver bullet when it comes to gun safety laws in this country. Just like a seat belt can't prevent every car related death. But we are not even willing to try on this issue as a nation. Members of congress are more worried about staying in the good graces of the NRA than their own voters. Rep. Scalise was wounded by a 'lone gunman' and he is still deeply in the pocket of the NRA.", "I saw one report that an Australian hotel guest in the room next to Paddock's saw multiple gunmen. Could Paddock be a patsy? If so, for whom? ANTIFA?", "To kill or not to kill\nThat now is the question\nTo weapon's industry\nIn the United States!", "\"No sign of terrorists...' You mean, besides the gunman?", "Gee, Donald.....thanks for the clue.........maybe the \"Offal Room\" at the White House will give you more ideas........", "I would wager that guns are selling like hotcakes after this event. Our Liar in Chief mentions that we will take up gun control issues as time goes by...yeah right. ", "President Trump on Tuesday called Mr. Paddock \u201ca sick man, a demented man,\u201d adding that \u201cwe are dealing with a very, very sick individual.\u201d\n\nWhat's even sicker is that we have a do-nothing Congress content to let Americans (including children) be murdered in mass killings without taking action. ", "Trump calls the gunman \"sick.\"  This is the man who is doing his darnedness to provoke nuclear war with North Korea.  Well, as the saying goes, takes one to know one.", "How profound to call this man sick or to blame mental illness on this.  Anyone who is a mass murderer is mentally deranged, it's not rocket science.  This GOP will allow more and more massacres to occur and blame it all on mental illness.  Babies at Sandy Hook didn't matter, nor kids at Columbine, nor innocent folks in a theatre, at college, or at their workplace.  These GOP folks don't care as long as they protect the NRA who bribes them with million under the guise of \"contributions\".  They are not representing real America, nor the victims of these barbaric acts, or the thousands of families forever damaged by these people.  If none of these acts has stirred their conscience, it is because they have none.  These people will never protect America at the expense of nut jobs who are driven to possess as many guns as they can or their master, the NRA.  It's really time to clean house in the GOP.  Americans do not need to live in perpetual fear of the enemy within, not when we can stop it.", "This is an act of terror. No motive necessary. If it wasn't a well-to-do white man, the question wouldn't even be asked. Yes, he is \"sick\" and \"deranged\". Most terrorists are.", "He should know! Roger that!", "I want very much to know about Stephen Paddock and to try to deduce his motive in killing all these people.  Will it help us in the future?  Very likely.  I think since the shooting at Virginia Tech I believe there has been a greater effort to provide mental health care throughout the country.  Other shooters since have also had severe mental problems.  I would like to know the symptoms, if for no other reason than that I can determine who to stay away from.  But we also need to provide more mental health care.\n    Yes, I want a ban on assault weapons and silencers.  I also want all guns purchased to be registered. I know that the Republicans will fight us tooth and nail, but while we are fighting for greater public safety where guns are concerned, I want to try to understand the person who committed this outrage.\n     Why have the police not interviewed the girl friend?   Even if she is not a suspect she must know something about why this man had so many guns.   What did he tell her about what he was planning to do when he was away?   What do some of the people who gambled with him know about him?  What about all hotel employees who delt with him.\n     I want to know  I feel quite sure millions of Americans want to know what can be discovered.", "Offhand, I can't think of a filthier affront to God than Mike Pence saying, just hours after our latest firearms massacre of innocent Americans, that this is not the time to talk about gun control; this is a time for prayer!", "My heart goes out to all the victims and their loved ones.\nPeople search for sense in the face of horrible acts. The killer obviously planned it yet there doesn't seem to be a rational explanation, probably because it was not a rational act. Did he harbor some deep, hateful, feelings that led to violence? Just because he was not arrested before proves nothing about his nature. Having money also doesn't insure that someone will be mentally or emotionally stable. It did enable him to afford a lot of weapons.", "Trump is Paddock on the world stage,\nfixing to shoot human fish with nukes\nin the barrel of North Korea.\n\n\"and won't lose one vote\"", "Our gov't should be outraged!", "It takes a sick man to know one. ", "The NRA is a terrorist organization. It is responsible for more American deaths than ISIS could ever dream of.", "Yes, Paddock was a sick man.  That old schoolyard line of \"takes one to know one\" ... Trump is clearly sick too.  But Trump just gropes women, defrauds suckers, and has pathetic ego problems.  Thgere's no evidence he has shot anybody ... let alone several hundred.\n\nSo Trumpie -- yes he's a sick man.  What are you going tyo do about these mass murders?", "According to Trump, when a white guy shoots up a bunch of people, he's clearly demented and sick. Of course, when anyone who is not a white guy does it, they are clearly just evil. (Google is your friend, here). It's so simple! Why can't we just all see?", "9 rounds a second.....540 a minute..yea let the smoke detector be our warning system. Makes sense?", "Obviously, Paddock must have been \"demented.\" \n\nIf Paddock was just an ordinary guy, as his brother claims,  Americans would be shooting each other every day.\n\nOops.", "Does a feature on the killer really need to be the headline?? I'm disgusted by the lack of coverage dedicated to the innocent lives lost. There is a small sidebar article on the lives lost, but COME ON. ", "And as time goes by, we shall all be dead.  You first.", "Trump is the sick one!", "Yes he was sick. But sick vs being a Muslim and a foreigner?\nThis was an American male who had retired and then started buying weapons as if they were candy.\nWhy are guns available to sick Americans?\nCongress.\nRepublicans.\nWhy didn't they curtail gun sales?\nBecause American males want to own them to protect themselves against Muslims and foreigners.\nHow many Americans were killed by Americans?\nHow many Americans were killed by immigrants?\nHow many Americans were killed by Muslims?\nYou and I both know the answer.\nOne helluva lot more Americans died last year because they were killed by native-born Americans than by Immigrants and/or Muslims.\nThe gun industry loves Donald Trump. Donald Trump loves the gun industry.\nDo you really think anything is going to be done to stop the slaughter?\nNot as long a donations by the gun industry continue to flow from the gun crowd to the GOP.\nEven Bugs Bunny knows the score.\nWhy don't you?", "Trump, the Republican Party and the NRA are sick and delusional. Why doesn\u2019t Trump recognize that too?", "Anyone who does want to curb gun access has a few screws loose.", "Extreme vet this, Donald.", "Why no paper or website publishes a driver license photo of Stephen Paddock?", "You know what's sick?\n\nBragging about being a billionaire, and then not paying any taxes, because only the the little people pay taxes.\n\nSettling with the city and state governments, admitting civil rights violations on his rental properties, and then taking the presidential oath of office to 'protect and defend' the constitution.\n\nDeclaring personal and business bankruptcy multiple times and then telling the Puerto Rican people their budget's 'a little out of whack\".\n\nHaving folks on staff like Mr. Cohn who make comments about how only stupid people pay the estate tax.\n\nHaving folks like Mr. Pruitt who's willing to endanger the largest Sockeye Salmon fishery in the world, just to help his buddies in the mining business.\n\nI could go on and on and on ...\n\nI think we all know sick when we hear it, or see it tweeted.", "Leave it to DT to send warm condolences.  What are those by the way? What does that mean, \u2018Warm condolences\u2019 .....?   Are there cold condolences?  And I\u2019m supposed to think he\u2019s great for sticking to the Teleprompter?  (You know he\u2019s going to cave in any minute now and start tweeting.  And everything with DT is going to be discussed \u2018later\u2019, that is subscript for after his tenure is up.). Pure evil is a president who panders to the extremist right and says it was \u2018both sides now\u2019 when a woman was mowed down by a white supremacist in North Carolina.  Pleases, spare me your \u2018sincerity\u2019 Mr. Trump.", "\"We need to jail all multimillionaire real estate investors\nuntil we can figure out exactly what's going on.\"\n- @jesseberney", "It sounds like the deluded gunman was locked and loaded with he unleashed his fire and fury on the victims.", "Im sorry but trump is about as comforting as a porcupine.", "President Trump called Paddock \"A sick man, a demented man\".\n\nIndeed he was. And so are you.\n\nDo you know how I know?\n\nYou act crazy and don't believe you are.\n\nYou angered and enraged the nation, and frankly, I'm not surprised this happened. Heartbroken, yes, but not surprised.", "Why is Trump's name a part of this article anyway ... why does the NY Times promote Trump so often ... especially when his words or actions add no value .... ", "No, he is a terrorist. I've had enough with your narrative of terrorism is only something that happens when it's perpetrated by someone who isn't white or isn't Christian. Be better, NYT. ", "Reasonable Gun Owners! It's time to take a stand against this senseless slaughter! Stop giving the NRA money! Now!", "No doubt about it. Stephen Paddock was one mentally deranged mammal. What is profoundly evil, however, not to mention spinelessly craven, is a Congress and executive branch that lets this carnage repeat itself ad nauseam without lifting a finger to prevent it, all the while proactively preventing desperately needed research on the carcinogenic gun violence that corrupts this nation so grievously.\n\nI do not believe in heaven or hell, but if I did, I could tell you in a heartbeat who's on the express bus to the hotter of the two places. This leads me to the democracy-damaging spirit of the American people. We vote for this cowardice. God won't help rid us of it. We're responsible for our own governance. For those who fail to vote, especially those who are saddened or outraged by yesterday's carnage, the victims' blood is on your hands.", "egotistical madman takes time out from playing nuclear chicken with another madman to call gunman sick..thanks donald no one would have figured that out without your input", "To Wayne LaPierre and the rest of the NRA; the gun lobby; members of Congress; and all the Second Amendment zealots, who have to be rationalizing that \"bad guy with a gun versus a good guy with a gun...\" scenario.\nWhat would it take for you to collectively exclaim, \"ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!!!\"....? When the next victim is one of your own loved ones?", "American Culture is Sick", "I wonder why the police aren't more concerned about this. If they truly have the public's safety at heart, it would seem that they would be vocal supporters of gun control.  Unless, of course, they're just gun nuts like everyone in the NRA.", "Interesting.  White, evidently not Muslim.  He is \"a very sick man,\" according to our President.  And if her were Muslim?  Would he be sick, or evil, according to that President?", "So where in the bible does it establish the right to own assault weapons? Evangelists clearly have no problem supporting a serial adulterer, liar, abuser and racist so supporting the ownership of lethal guns (and banning abortion) makes sense to these imbeciles.", "\"What was the shooter's motive\", the headlines scream. What difference does that make? Even if we could parse the neurons in what's left of his brain, where will that get us? \n\nOK, you all want a motive? How about this one: Paddock was trying to outdo the last mass murderer, Omar Mateen, who only killed 49 people in Orlando last year. And he succeeded! Who's next? Who wants to shoot (ouch!) for 75? \n\nThis is not just idle sarcasm. There is a strong copycat element at work here, and It will get worse.", "\u201cWe will be talking about gun laws as time goes by,\u201d Mr. Trump said.... but really meant to say that \"we'll be pretending to talk about guns as 90 Americans drop dead each and every day thanks to our wonderful 2nd Amendment....I could stand In the middle Of Fifth Avenue And shoot somebody and I wouldn't lose any voters\"\n\n\u201cWhat happened in (Las Vegas) is, in many ways, a miracle,\u201d said Trump.\n\nYes, of course, Donald, another wonderful 2nd Amendment miracle of guns, bullets and senselessly slaughtered Americans thanks to yet another GOP Death Panel.\n\nNice GOPeople.", "Trump: \u201cwe will be talking about gun laws as time goes by.\u201d\n\nYes, but what will be saying? And who will be saying it? \n\nThe bottom line is that some voices are louder than others, but that of the NRS speaks loudest, and most decisively of all.", "Whenever there is a mass shooting, the GOP/NRA tries to blame the incident upon either a foreign terrorist or a mentally sick individual.  Of course, they also don't ever want to infringe upon those individuals' right to purchase an arsenal.   There is no sign at this point that the person was mentally ill, rather just an evil person.   The answer is to stop allowing people to acquire arsenals of weapons.", "The speech?  The ultimate example of body language contradicting every bit of it.", "I don't like Trump at all, but he is not nearly as bad as the congressional republicans. At least Trump is not owned by the NRA.", "\u201cWe will be talking about gun laws as time goes by,\u201d Actually, no, they won't-and will never.", "our president likes superlatives. Evil. Very Very. Miracle. \n\nBecause for our president, real life is painfully mundane. It includes boring little things like drinking water, or going to a concert and not getting shot. Ho hum. \n\nWe need a leader who understands that a country needs a functioning government that serves its people, and laws that protects them.", "\u201cWe will be talking about gun laws as time goes by,\u201d Mr. Trump said as he prepared to leave Washington for hurricane-battered Puerto Rico.\n\nBackground music provided by Dooley Wilson. Speech provided by Edgar Bergen.", "As I've commented following each of the most hideous mass shootings since Sandy Hook = the \"sickness\" and root of these supposedly inexplicable acts lies deep in the American pyche's ingrained belief that whatever one's fear, resentment, hate or personal demon might be, \"a gun is the answer.\" And each time we fail to join in repudiating that horrible fallacy (and the NRA/weapons complex which feeds off and promulgates it), we become complicit in the next day's tragedy. ", "Expect Trump and his fellow Republicans to do as much about gun control as was done after Sandy Hook.", "Call him what he was, a Domestic Terrorist who killed with militarized weapons he purchased legally.  I can't purchase decongestant without giving over my driver's license for pharmacy to note my details, which are tracked through computerized system so that I can't stockpile it to make Meth - but this guy was able to purchase and stockpile 40 plus weapons, ammo, etc. in couple months with no over-sight tracking system.  How about this - let's let the Pharmacies of America implement tracking purchase of these guns - apparently they can do what the Gun Dealers refuse to do - and how can Congress object to a system already in place? ", "\u201cWe will be talking about gun laws as time goes by,\u201d Mr. Trump said as he prepared to leave Washington for hurricane-battered Puerto Rico.\n\nYeah, we'll be talking...but no one will listen.", "Lawmakers are bought by gun manufacturers. So, how can we expect anything to change? The love of money is the roots of all sorts of evil. ", "I don't want to hear any name calling nor calls for prayers.  Gun control legislation is the only thing I want to hear about. ", "From a certain point of view, there were 22,000 victims of this shooting, the vast majority of whom were white and wearing cowboy boots (just looking at all the photos). Yes, there were almost 60 dead and over 500 physically injured. But there were 22,000 people in a confined area being mowed down by several machine guns for 10 to 15 minutes straight. That had to be significantly traumatic mentally, would you not agree?\n\nConsidering the demographics, white/cowboy boots, stereotypically that signifies to my own biases a very large number of gun culture, NRA supporting people, all being targeted by one of the results of a gun lobby that's out of control. 22,000 people, probably including many, many gun rights supporters directly experiencing the bloody results of unfettered gun ownership run amock. Hopefully, they are now \"woke\" and will form the critical mass needed to begin turning the tide to eradicate this cancer that infects and poisons the United States. This incident has the potential of being a far more significant catalyst to meaningful action than shooting up a movie theater or an elementary school or a congressional baseball game. And sadly, numbers and demographics are everything.", "Gun violence is a public health crisis in the United States. Lax gun laws are responsible for this national disgrace. More guns on the streets and in homes mean more gun injuries, gun violence and deaths. Do not fall for the lies and manipulation by the NRA, and its cowardly spineless Republican lackeys, who argue otherwise. We aren't falling for the old trope that guns don't kill but people do.\nWhat does it take for our politicians to act courageously and do the right thing-- to finally take action in the interest of public safety and for the common good? Politicians will never act on their own. As horrific as Las Vegas was, it will not spur them to action. If Congress failed to act after Columbine, after the shootings of little kids in Connecticut, after the shootings at a church in SC, and after a theatre shooting in Colorado, nothing will spur them to action. Except us, we the people...\nIt is up to us. Citizens unite and say 'Enough of this insanity!' Citizens must demand tough gun control legislation now (or better yet call for an outright ban on guns, except for certain law enforcement personnel, the military, and trained hunters, as in most civilized countries).....\nLet us fight this good fight, and together never give up until we accomplish passing tough gun control laws. Vote for politicians who champion tough gun control. Boycott businesses that don't. Write letters. March and protest. It is up to us.", "Things that won't work:\n\nthoughts and prayers\n\nflags at half staff\n\nmoments of silence\n\ncandlelight vigils\n\nhelium balloon releases\n\n\"warmest condolences\"  (Donald J. Trump's first response)\n\nThings that will work:\n\nVoting out of Congress politicians who continue to do a song and dance to protect gun industry profits and do nothing to advance sane gun control measures.  ", "The Trumpian tease, \"We will be talking about gun laws as time goes by,\" is disgusting. Particularly at this time. It's also classic Trump. \n\nIn the meantime, where is Marilou Danley? She is, perhaps, the best source of information about what might have motivated the killer. Her silence is deafening. Real investigative reporting would track her down. \n\nIn the meantime, I urge The Times to print the voting records of every senator on gun control legislation in the past five years. That is information the American public needs to know. ", "Here's ridiculously simple solution.\n\nTax guns and ammo so they cost as much as Health Care. \n\nThen the poor and/or sick huge part of the population won't be able to afford them.", "Until we stop buying into the NRA paranoia that in limiting \"anything\" gun control relate= first step into total gun control...like i.e. \"marijuana leads to heroine\" nothing will change.  America is becoming the wild west; plain & simple. This is exactly what the NRA wants. \"Everyone should own a gun to defend themselves\"  they may as well say \"We don't need police to protect & defend.\" ", "My fellow Americans. This too will pass.", "If this had happened only once & never before, then the perpetrator would be sick.  However, this happened after 26 elementary school kids/staff got assassinated in CT in 2012, & 32 students were assassinated @ VA Tech. in 2007.  By my way of thinking, that means America is sick, because clearly we are unable to deal w/this problem, unlike any/every other first-world country on the planet (and I do not consider the USA to be a first-world country anymore.) \n\nAmerica, land of the cruel.", "Not about guns. About drugs, medication, patient-confidentiality, pharma companies, Google and Facebook. More than a full plate, but resolvable bilaterally. Over to you, Democrats. ", "We cannot identify, nor should we, every individual who is unhappy, lonely, angry or has a history of mental health care. We can identify who is buying guns, what kind, how much ammo, how many. We chose not to do this. \n\nWe whine about needing to do the impossible: identify every potential killer. We ignore fairly straightforward steps we could take to limit the carnage. Do so plays right into the hands of the gun lobby. \n\nThere is no use for assault rifles other than to kill other human beings. They cannot be used for hunting, at least not if you intend to eat or display the animal you killed. So, what are they doing in civil society? For the matter, what are they doing in police headquarters? Turn the amps down on the whole matter. Handguns and rifles to be used on shooting ranges and in hunting are enough. Laws requiring that the handguns be stored in a locker at a shooting range would help. \n\nIt isn't nearly as complicated as we pretend. We only pretend that it is because we don't have the will to change things. Prepare yourselves, instead, to continue the handwringing and the moments of silence. As for that, perhaps Congress should start each day with one minute of silence for each person killed in the previous 24-hours. (The Las Vegas murders would have kept them silent for nearly two hours.) It might start them thinking. At the least, it would stop their inane patter for a few minutes.", "Preserving the Second Amendment as it is currently written (226 years ago) and which has contributed to 521 mass shootings in just 477 days, is unequivocally wrong. American\u2019s use this Amendment to justify tolerating high rates of crime, death, and destruction of families, all so adults (and often, children) have access to firearms. It is past time we elevate our discourse. It has happened before. Woman and blacks became equal to white men, under the law. It was a difficult transition for this country, but it was necessary. With America holding on to more guns than there are people in our 50 States, I ask myself over and over \u201cWhy?\u201d. I have never come upon an answer that fit into any reasonable argument that could justify the carnage that happens every day in this country. If we remain silent while the NRA funds domestic terrorism and Washington accepts those funds, each day will bring the same song, just different funerals. ", "Paddock wasn't necessarily mentally ill. Here's an equally likely scenario: His \"successful professional gambler\" identity was a facade. Spending all that time at the casinos in recent years, he dug himself into such a deep financial hole there was no way out but suicide. When his money was gone, he was dumped by the girlfriend who had met him while she was working in the \"high-roller\" room of a casino. Enraged by the losses of his identity, status, wealth, self-esteem and relationship, Paddock decided to take out as many happy people as he could on his way out. HIs actions were impelled by anger and envious hatred, not by mental illness.", "\"We'll be talking about gun laws as time goes by\"? When? Before or after you've created another round of Twitter distractions?\n\nDo we remember how Trump campaigned on the basis that he was so rich he couldn't be bought like the other politicians? If he isn't going to change these appalling gun laws then we'll know for sure that he's been truly bought and paid for by the NRA, and they're not planning to let go of the receipt any time soon. \n\nI haven't forgotten how quick he was to  criticise the Mayor of London after the London Bridge knife attacks. Knives are hard to control, but no private citizen needs an automatic or military grade weapon in their house. Do something about it. Now.", "\"Republicans gave no indication that they would pursue gun safety legislation.\"\n\nBetween Trump and this, Republicans are no longer people in my mind. They only care about themselves. No issue is worth addressing unless they themselves are personally affected. ", "I've been reading about what surviving a gunshot wound can be like. Right now many of us are mourning those who lost their lives. It will soon be time for the hundreds of people who were wounded to receive our attention. It is time, now.\n\nWhat can we do for these people? The first thing, I suppose, is not to forget them. Is there anything we can do for them? Who provides their medical care, who pays for it? For many, the recovery process will take years. For others, a profound and permanent life change will have to be faced and dealt with.\n\n\"Wounded\", among a population this large, must mean many different things. I imagine that most of us picture a bullet to the arm or leg muscles. No...that's probably not correct. We probably find it too hard to think in detail about at all. In some senses, the loss of life is more comprehensible, less frightening.\n\nWhat will happen to these gunshot victims? Can we help? And where are the victims of all the other shootings, which occur day after day, year after year? Obviously they are here among us.", "Trump stated:\n\u201cWe will be talking about gun laws as time goes by.\u201d\n\nMeanwhile, there's a long list of things that on the campaign trail he promised would happen \"very soon\"; yet none of those have come to pass.  How much more time must go by before we start talking about gun laws?  And never mind talking about them; how about doing something about them?  (And I don't mean gutting them!)\n\nIn the meantime...\n\nHow many more funeral processions must go by before we stop this insanity?", "I have started thinking twice about going to events that bring thousands of people together, and even wondering about visiting large cities.  ", "Nice words by Trump. We all know that is all they are: words.\n\nNothing will change except the location and the body count of the next massacre. Let's see how long it takes before someone breaks the 100-fatality mark and sets a new record.\n\nNothing whatsoever will change and we all know it. We need to accept these mass killings as normal because they are now so. Moving on, let's see if we can get through year-end before the next one happens.", "Write letters to your congresspeople and senators and to the president. Email them. Bury them in email and mail.\n   This is a straightforward political issue.\n\nYes, some people make money selling guns (and drugs and other dangerous things). We need to claim our right to safety as being more important than their right to make money from our deaths.\n\nThe NRA lobbies, dumps money into campaigns, threatens politicians: we need to put our numbers up against their (dirty) money.\n\nThe slaughter now happening over and over and over in the US is a horrific and tragic violation of our right to freedom and pursuit of happiness. This isn't a left/right, Republican/Democrat issue: it's an issue of the survival of our nation.\n\nPeople I know from other countries don't even want to visit here. If I were younger, I'd move elsewhere. Please, please, let's take our nation back.", "America - the time to talk is now.  Time to talk about why we continually elect and put up with a Congress that is beholden to the likes of the NRA and special interests (amazing these special interests have no interest in citizens).  People...we hold the most powerful weapon of all - our votes.  Do your homework and use this weapon.  Our lives literally depend on it.  Condolences and sympathies to those affected by this travesty.", "According to the New York Times the establishment of new casinos in an area correlate with greatly increased suicides rates, http://www.nytimes.com/1997/12/16/us/suicide-rate-higher-in-3-gambling-c...\n\nSurprise! Surprise! \n\nWhich is the reason that even in states like Nevada with very lose gun laws there signs in Casinos specifically stating that firearms, both concealed and open-carry, are NOT permitted, for good reasons I should add. In light of the fact that desperation from casino losses can easily lead to suicide and some people taking their own lives like taking with them as many as possible, it would make sense to extend the ban of guns from casinos to surrounding hotels. \n\nTrump should know that since casinos were part of his businesses. ", "standing in the way of passing reasonable firearms restrictions is \"sick\"", "I wish I could remember where I saw this, but yesterday I read something to the effect of: \"The conversation about gun control was over when America decided that the mass shooting of children was bearable.\" I hope I'm wrong but I just don't see anything changing.", "\u201cWe will be talking about gun laws as time goes by.\u201d\n\nPerhaps the first sentence uttered by Mr. Trump since January 20 that suggests he is at least consciously aware that there are Americans -- whose sentiments he must consider -- other than those who constitute his \"base.\"\n\nShall we hold our breath with the expectation that Mr. Trump will do something really radical to change the gun culture of the United States?  ", "Gun advocates always offer the simplistic argument that guns don't kill, people do. I agree, and offer the simplistic argument that people shoot the guns, people sell the guns, people legislate on behalf of guns, people lobby on behalf of guns, people manufacture guns, people profit off of guns. There's a lot of enabling going on that supports the potential for more tragedy.", "A compensation fund funded by firearms manufacturers needs to be created.  They can use the excess profits generated as a result of these incidents to provide money for the fund. ", "When I next go to Las Vegas, I'll be making sure to check that the hotel has banned guest guns inside the hotel. If they don't, I'll go to a hotel that does. Guns can be checked at the door and put in safekeeping for when the guest leaves. The hotel's first objective must be to ensure the safety of guests and banning guns and any weapons is the foundation. ", "'The president, who is scheduled to visit Las Vegas on Wednesday, also praised the speed of the police response there. \u201cWhat happened is, in many ways, a miracle,\u201d he said.'\n\nTrump praised police response speed while his SON lobbies the Hearing Protection Act through House vote this week. The bill deregulates gun silencers, making it horrifically hard to identify the source of shootings. Without hearing firecracker noise, people would not have known to run and hide. With the Trumps' new gun silencer deregulation, hundreds more people would have been murdered in Las Vegas. The only people that the hearing protection act benefits are gun manufacturers who will make millions of dollars selling gun silencers and the politicians and lobbyists (like Trump's son) they bribe in the swamp Trump lies about draining.\n\nFix this, Trump.", "The main reason NRA lobbyists are so powerful is that they wield a credible threat of getting politicians voted out of office. In turn that's because most voters LIKE the idea of gun ownership. They think that somehow gun violence can be stopped while gun ownership goes on.\n\nI would vote for any candidate brave enough to run on a platform of ending gun ownership. But I doubt that any candidate will, because they calculate, just like Trump, that people will vote against anyone who champions the idea.\n\nIn fact Trump's calculation was that lots of votes could be picked up by aggressively supporting gun ownership and encouraging gun use, as he did related to the San Bernadino mass shooting. His current remarks about Vegas are a sham. He is a fraud.", "I see four options.  (1) Pray this does not ever happen again.  Pray for the survivors while ignoring what their lives will be like from now on.  If they form a political group, attack them again.  They haven't suffered enough.\n\n(2) Develop a magical computer than can identify the mental state of everyone in America who has access to guns.  Those who seem depressed or hot tempered will get a visit from law enforcement followed by psychiatric counciling.  If you've ever experienced road rage, you'll be getting a visit.\n\n(3) Make it impossible, or near impossible for anyone not in law enforcement to buy a semi-automatic weapon, or a weapon that is easily converted to full auto.  \n\nThe fourth option is not really an action step.  Option #4 is stall for time, using platitudes, until people's memory fades.  ", "We live in the United States of NRA. They weren't elected, but they run the country and are shooting people on 5th Avenue and everywhere else with impunity. They are directly responsible for the lies and 24/7 Fake News anti-government propaganda that make fearful people so certain that \"others\" are out to rob and kill them and that the Second Amendment is about citizens defending themselves against a tyrannical government. If the paranoid types had only paid attention in history class, they'd know that the Founders intended, in the absence of an army, to have available a force like the Minutemen to be called up in the event of INVASION OR INSURRECTION--NOT to give the citizenry the \"right\" of insurrection. The Second Amendment says NOTHING about private ownership of weapons by persons who are not in that well-regulated militia. Every 18th-century household would have had a weapon--but not for defending the family against the government. Those private weapons were REGULATED by laws other than the Second Amendment--as our guns should be today. Why does the general public seem not to know this? Why do we let the NRA substitute the Red-Dawn- government-tyranny lie that they promote for PROFIT! Watch them make money off this catastrophe when the heat is turned up for gun-safety legislation and they urge their unwitting marks to stock up on guns and ammo. And if they're suggesting, however slyly, that their members pick off those pesky \"others,\" isn't that incitement to violence? ", "I guess now Trump can truthfully lay claim to the largest something in history. Wish it could have been for something good.", "By \"talking about more gun laws\" I assume he means laws to make them easier to buy. Certainly, we won't do anything to slow the carnage.", "I hope Trump means it when he says we'll be talking about gun laws. Much as I dislike him, he is perhaps the perfect vehicle for actually getting something done on guns. He can bully the NRA; his far right credentials are strong; he doesn't need the Republican party per se.", "\"I have met the enemy and he is me.\", opined Pogo, a very wise little opposum. I was 9y old when I read that comic on the Seattle city bus and understood how we had created something terrifying, nuclear bombs that could wipe out all humans not to mention humanity. The Cold War haunted my childhood but obviously not trump's in his deeply indulged, golden tower.\n\nThat a male of my demographic has so little respect for what any nuclear War can do is as terrifying as a lone gunman mowing down hundreds. Trump is \"Pure Evil\" personified in his threats and his actions to steal healthcare even from our own defenseless children(ending CHIPS) as well as threatening nuclear war. He IS the Terrorist in Chief whose favoring the rhetoric of violence spills out in public acts by others.", "Real solution is to put electronically detectable tagging agents in all ammunition, and require detection equipment in large hotels and other locations where large numbers of people are expected.  ", "It would be so nice to know why, but regardless of why, whether terrorism or psychosis, religion or politics or Martians - there will always be some few people who decide to commit mass murder. Some of them we can spot ahead of time, others, we will miss or they will give no signal. We should do what we can to keep guns from those who are likely to commit mass murder.\n\nBut - we shouldn't rely on that. A gun for self defense is one thing, a gun designed for mass murder is NOT what the second amendment was ever about. When a person goes wrong, we cannot stop them from being able to kill some, but we can say there is a limit to the weapons any person should have. We already have limits, no one can go buy a nuke, or a tank, or an AA gun. Reasonable limits should not be so controversial, NRA fear tactics should not be more important than all of the people killed for lack of reasonable gun laws. ", "A very sad state of affairs in America - the public health tragedies of mass shootings that happen on a regular basis. So many senseless deaths, so little concern over the lax gun laws. Don't get me wrong, I have no problem with guns but do feel there needs to be sensible gun regulations. My sense is that this tragedy will not change a thing. America doubles down on their love of guns after these massacres.  ", "Rational thought is all but dead in the US.\nMental health practitioners are the first to admit that they are poor at predicting future behavior. Sure, past behavior can help, but there has to be a first time.\nOn the other hand, we have overwhelming evidence that guns are responsible for 10s of thousands of American deaths each year.\nSo:\n1- we can't tell who is going go crack\n2- we do know that people with guns kill people\ntherefore:\nWe make sure that people have ready access to all the guns they want.\n\nMake sense? Welcome to America", "Trump calling the gunman sick does nothing. Candlelight vigils are nice, but they are not going to save us from the \"next time\" which we all know is coming.\n\nBanning assault weapons is the answer that every other first world country has come up with. We must demand our representatives listen to the people. Not the gun lobby.", "Of course he was sick to do such a thing. But saying he is sick is just another way to divert us from the need for gun control in this country. In many respects, he was not sick; he was a regular guy just like so many Americans, who just snapped. We have to keep weapons of mass destruction, like semi-automatic weapons, from everybody, except military and police. Thank you.", "What is there to talk about?  After all, Paddock was only exercising his 2nd Amendment right to kill as many people as possible!", "The gunman was \"sick,\" but America that allows such massacres year after year is also \"sick.\"  And, I'm \"sick\" of hearing about the \"sick\" man behind the gun and those who then do nothing to keep guns out of his hands, but instead work to make it easier.  They are more than \"sick;\" they are the willing accomplices in murder that we know can be prevented.", "I am not interested in the MOTIVE of this shooter.", "It is a dangerous, progressive fantasy to believe the NRA controls members of congress. On average the NRA spends considerably less than $10,000 per candidate each election cycle. Surely that paltry sum would not by itself control the nation's gun laws.\nMichael Bloomberg alone could easily spend $1 billion per election cycle for the rest of his life (and not notice it) out-spending the NRA by a ratio of 200:1. What politician wouldn't salivate over that kind of cash supporting them directly or by PAC?\nThe voters have a choice every election cycle and they overwhelmingly choose candidates that are philosophically aligned with the NRA. It's no mystery the Republican Presidents choose Supreme Court justices that also share these views.\nFor gun laws to change the electorate must change. ", "Sick like trying to deny millions of people health care, or sick like trying to bankrupt the country sick, or sick like supporting racism sick?\n\nAnyone who commits murder is deranged in some way. This man was beyond the normal sickness, but it was his ability to assemble an arsenal suitable for a military unit that turned his sickness into the carnage in Vegas. ", "Doesn't anyone else see the irony in the President calling this individual \"sick' but at the same time supporting legislation to allow mentally ill individuals, and these are people who are known to be ill, to buy guns? What say you Republicans, NRA and Second Amendment supporters? ", "The \"bad guys with the guns\" are the NRA.", "President Trump said, \u201c'We will be talking about gun laws as time goes by,'\" but time keeps on going by after 26 mostly young children were massacred by a clearly mentally ill young man almost three years ago in Newtown, CT, after 49 peopled were massacred a little over a year ago in the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, and almost every day when a gun massacre occurs.  We had enough talk; enough Congressional inaction; enough preaching about the 2nd amendment by the gun industry through their paid N.R.A. mouthpiece; we've enough enough innocent deaths resting on the blood-stained hands of Congressional Republicans afraid of the N.R.A.  We've had enough!  It's time for universal background checks; limits on the number of weapons a person can own; a ban on \"bump-stock\" rifles and all devices like trigger cranks that turn weapons into semi-automatic, rapid-fire rifles.  It's time finally to act to save lives rather than mourn the victims of the latest gun massacre.", "It nauseates me that our president is attempting to put a positive response on this, calling the police response \"miraculous.\"  I take my hat off to our incredibly brave law enforcement officers, but what would truly warrant the descriptive 'miraculous' would be if this latest avoidable tragedy would at long last prompt Congress to do the right thing and enact strong and sweeping gun enforcement legislation. ", "Sure he was sick, just like the politicians and the NRA who work together block any sensible gun control.", "The truly  \"sick\" people are the ones in Congress and the Supreme Court who think (or take blood money to say) that these regular massacres of peaceful citizens, including women and children, were a great intention of the founding fathers and a keystone part of the continuation of the US Constitution.  ", "This wasn't a concern in my childhood so what has changed.  Technology?  Opioids?  More vapid opinions from Cable TV spurring hate and riling people up?", "I guess you have to be brown, black or non christian to be a terrorist", "The shooter was sick, demented...\n\nGee, thanks for your astonishing insight Mr. Trump, or should I call you Captain Obvious?", "We are now the USofNRA. The NRA\u2019s clientele profits mightily when this happens, especially their bought and paid legislators. We are no longer a democracy. The dream, the idea, the ideal, of America, is being massacred. Literally and in every other regard. We are being destroyed by cynical nihilists, most of whom are elected. ", "There is a real fear now that the United States is beginning to accept the terrible frequency of these events with a collective shrug of the shoulders. By allowing our citizens to possess such terrible weapons, we are promoting the \"banality of evil\" explanation of things, Hannah Arendt's controversial phrase, used as the subtitle of her famous book on the Eichmann trial. \n\nUnless and until we take these monstrous guns out of the hands of even so-called ordinary citizens, the slaughter will continue. ", "\u201cThe fact that he had those kind of weapons is just \u2014 where the hell did he get automatic weapons?\u201d the brother asked.\nThe answer is, just about anywhere in the United States. They're easier to buy than cold medicine. He probably didn't buy true automatic weapons.  He just took his semi-autos and used a very simple device to make them virtually automatic.", "Once you realize that everything Donald Trump says is, a) self-praise, b) bluster aimed at whomping up his political base, or c) just stuff you say to get the suckers off your back until they forget what the point was, his comments become perfectly easy to understand.", "\"We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. \u2014 That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, \u2014 That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness.\"\n\nIn my mind, the US government is not keeping up its end of the bargain in ensuring Americans' \"unalienable Rights\" - the time is way overdue to consider making some major changes in our government.  \n\nIt will take decades or generations to get rid of the existing guns and ammunition in our country - but we have to start somewhere - so we can hold out some hope for our children's future. \n\nPlease people - get with it - there is nothing in the Constitution which justifies having automatic weapons or having more than one gun - nothing at all.  And, if we need to - it's time to change the law altogether.  Congress - get your act together!!!!", "It turns out that Las Vegas is a perpetual gun-show .. non-stop .. throughout the year. Gun-toters are everywhere.  It's no surprise that Paddock was able to accumulate an arsenal in his hotel room.  Just another white guy toting guns around .. no big deal.  Until .... ", "A gun is more than a weapon for many gun owners. There's a fetishistic aspect of having a gun that plays a big part in their popularity. How a gun looks, how powerful it is, the type of bullets it uses, how it sounds, and even how it smells make it an object of a kind of irrational and even sick adoration by a percentage of owners. There's also the sense of status, power and control, however illusory, that play a big part in owning a weapon, especially among those who are insecure and paranoid. The bigger, the more powerful the weapon,etc., the more positive attributes accrue to the person who owns it. This is of course in the mind of the owner, but, who gets his/her affirmation from other gun enthusiasts who believe similarly. In this sense, the NRA represents a cult of The Gun with adoring, worshiping acolytes.", "The NRA has given $3.3 million to Congressmen and Senators in the last 30 years in amounts of around 5 to 10 thousand dollars . If this is all it costs to buy off these people, death is cheap for the NRA.\n\nThe GoFundMe raised $2.2million in less than 24 hours.\n\nI know this is simplistic but somebody like Warren Buffett could pay off these politicians so they don\u2019t take the NRA blood money and then perhaps we might get some gun control legislation passed. ", " A wealthy man, liked high stakes gambling, no ties to any social groups, liked cruises.\n\nHe had very bad anomie, and liked highs and risk.  \n\nWe have a problem in our society.  Guns.  And social disconnection/hate mongering.", "Thoughts?  Check.\nPrayers?  Check.\nBible quotes?  Check.\n\nNEXT!", "The sad reality is this reflects US culture. Imagine an alternative culture where everyone who knew of Mr. Paddock's disturbing tendencies (non-interactive, blinds drawn, secretive, etc)...but said or did nothing...was held accountable.  Don't think that's realistic? Try living in Japan few years.  The shame brought to the family of such an individual is a massively strong deterrent. We don't have that. People do what they want. None of our business. Someone else problem. Access to guns doesn't help...but it says nothing about the root cause.", "Why hasn't the media stated the obvious:  the mass murderer was a compulsive gambler.  Compulsive gambling is a psychiatric disorder that does compel and cause violent and murderous behavior.", "How about his motive was simply top terrorize as many people as he could. Because it really is that simple, even if he was a white male. He was a terrorist. ", "Preserving legal language that was written 226 years ago and which has helped to contribute to over 521 mass shootings in just 477 days is unequivocally self-centered. It translates to America\u2019s willingness to tolerate high rates of crime, death, and destruction (as long as one is personally unaffected ) so that adults (and often, children) can have access to firearms. It is past time we elevate our current culture. It has happened before. Woman and blacks are now equal to white men. Imagine, we needed it in writing for it to become real in the eyes of the law. It was a difficult transition, but there were many who understood the value of treating all God\u2019s children as equals. With America holding on to more guns than there are people in our 50 States, you have to ask yourself \u201cWhy?\u201d. There is no answer I have ever come upon that could fit into a reasonable argument justifying the gun carnage that happens every day in this country. Leave crime to the police and feds. Or, maybe you prefer not to? That, right there, may be our problem.", "it's the same adjective he used for President Obama...", "As Mike Barnacle on MSNBC said this morning about trump.  \"I'm tired of waking up to him, I'm tired of listening to him, I'm tired of seeing him\".\nTrump is an aberration that hopefully Mueller can help remove.  He  is not only unfit for any office, he is unfit as an American.  Good people don't lie every waking moment.  Good people don't collude with foreign governments to steal an election.  Good people aren't racist.  Good people accept all faiths in our country.  He is none of those.", "The terrorist organization the NRA and their Congressional Republican stooges are fixing the problem as we speak by proposing legalizing silencers. \n\nYou see if the LV gunman had the benefit of silencers, none of his 600 victims would have been frightened or panicked. They wouldn't have heard any gunfire at all and would have had no that there was even a massacre going on. They would have just watched people mysteriously dropping like flies around them. \n\nThe NRA is very considerately just trying to take the fear out of mass shootings like this. Nice people!", "Every mass murder, just about every murder committed in this country ---- 300,000 dead in a 10 year period, is committed by a male. Gun owners and NRA proponents always claim these murders are committed by the mentally ill. Does this mean we have an epidemic of mentally ill males? Perhaps the easier way to address this epidemic that is getting worse annually is to ban all males from purchasing or owning guns. You'll see the numbers of innocent lives dying and the hundreds of thousands who are injured, many permanently who require lifetime medical care and jack up our health insurance rates, substantially reduced. ", "President Trump praised the first responders and expressed sympathy for the victims. However, he conspicuously did not call this incident an act of terrorism. He leaped to label other attacks as terrorism, such as the Paris shootings and the London and Spain car attacks while not labeling the car attack in Charlotsville as terrorism.  He made no public statement about a gun attack on a Quebec mosque but cynically used it as justification for his Muslim travel ban. Further, he has made a point of brandishing the term \"radical Islamic terrorism.\" The obvious distinction between events Trump labels as terrorism and those he does not is whether the events fit Trump's narrative of evil radical Muslims attacking innocent white people. Had the Las Vegas attacker been Muslim or dark skinned, Trump undoubtedly would have been quick to label this incident as terrorism. ", "Sad thing is that the madness of few will cause increased surveillance on many.\nSad thing is that it could be so easy to keep a record of sold weapons and a trigger that flags for obsession. That flags for abnormal events, like buying huge amounts of ammo or many weapons in a short time.  Flags wehn someone buys an assault weapon. Flags harder when someone buys more than one assault weapon.\n\nSad thing is that global warming might not be as big a problem as social cooling. The climate in our society is becoming more and more abrasive, not only in the US, in the whole world. Internet has brought us a broader view, we see where the money goes, we see that our politicians are corrupt.\n\nWe see all that.\n\nSad thing is that it is so hard to see the truth because there are strange powers that want chaos, want division. Strange powers which thinks that increasing their power by removing our sense of security, harmony, is a perfectly legitimate business strategy. ", "Trump should keep his used car salesman type remarks for himself. In fact, just him commenting such an event disturbs me since he has shown to be pro-violence (dividing the country since day one with his virulent racism and encouraging the spread of fire arms by his affiliation with the NRA). I read this morning that the killer had a gun capable of firing 600 rounds a minute?! Is this true?\nIf it is, how did he get access to such a killing machine, made for war really? This is truly unbelievable.", "\u201cWe will be talking about gun laws as time goes by.\u201d\n\nOh, really?  More cheap talk?  When?  Why should I believe you, Mr. President?  \n\nHow many more innocent lives must be sacrificed as Congress grovels before the NRA?  How much longer must we cower in the deadly shadow of the misinterpreted Second Amendment?  \n\nYou couldn't get a health law passed, Mr. President.  What's your strategy for doing something about the carnage wrought by guns?", "We don't know that Paddock was a \"sick\" man. Everyone who knew him considered him normal, i.e., no history or behaviors to suggest mental illness.\n\nGiven the frequency with which mass shootings occur and the diversity of the shooters, I don't think we can definitively say someone is \"sick\" just because he does something like this. Perhaps it would be easy or convenient, but not all shooters are \"sick\" like Adam Lanza or James Holmes. Just as often, the shooters are actually \"normal\" people with relatively normal emotions and impulses who happen to be empowered by access to big firepower. \n\nI think, perhaps, most men (but only some women) harbor this potential sickness.", "I can't help but wonder and I am sure I am not the only one, if all this violence is reflection of the atmosphere of hatred, lies, destruction and divisiveness that Trump fosters.", "The truth is, there are times in all of our lives when we are angry, upset, hopeless or worse, and then there are those of us with mental illnesses who struggle even more.  If we all had the arsenal this guy had, our society would fall apart - we\u2019d live in constant chaos, fear, and die in an instant for no reason at all. A state we are quickly approaching. These military assault weapons serve no purpose in a civilized  society. They should be banned like grenades and bombs. Looking for a motive is pointless and doesn\u2019t solve anything. It can\u2019t bring any one of the 59 victims back to life or erase the damage of bullets tearing through flesh, bones and organs caused to the other 500 victims. What does save lives is banning assault weapons, high capacity rounds, silencers, etc. It\u2019s quite simple, if the purpose of the weapon is to murder as many people as possible in seconds, it should be banned. ", "Machine guns have a single use case: To kill as many people as possible as quickly as possible.", "No doubt the killer was sick, but Trump himself has some explaining to do. Why did he sign an executive order for instance, overturning a previous one by President Obama, that made it harder for people with a history of mental illness to get firearms?  ", "What does '...as time goes by,' mean when the time to talk about guns laws is now?    \n\nIs the Republican Congress majority going to, yet again, hold us hostage to their overwhelming desire for NRA contributions?    Their very own colleagues have been shot, children murdered yet they do absolutely nothing. \n\nAny member of Congress who refuses to begin discussing gun control laws are cowards and shameless hustlers who give prostitution a bad name.    At least we know prostitutes are working for money. ", "I don't care to know anything about Paddock or his background. There is only one action that could have prevented this- A complete, and total ban on assault-type rifles. There is no other path to choose. Anything else is idle chit-chat, hand-wringing and kicking the can down the road. And it is also obvious that will be the response to the latest (Wait for the next one!) slaughter. ", "When I buy Sudafed at the pharmacy, it is tracked, and I can't buy any more for 30 days. Sudafed. A common allergy medicine.", "In the great words of our president:  \u201cTo solve a problem, you have to be able to state what the problem is, or at least say the name.\u201d\n\nRadical gun owner terrorism!", "Times GONE by, along with hundreds and thousands of lives. ACT NOW.", "I gave up on any meaningful gun control legislation being passed and signed after 20 elementary students were slaughtered at Sandy Hook.  \n\nMaybe a future generation of Americans will finally figure out that no one should be allowed to purchase an arsenal of high powered weapons. Maybe not.", "Guns aren't the only thing the NRA wants to silence.  Don't let them silence us.", "Okay: Paddock was a \"sick man,\"  explains our president and lots of GOP politicians.\nCase closed.  Pray for the victims and their families; send \"warm condolences\" via Twitter; oh, and thanks to all the first responders and citizens who helped the gunned down victims of the worst mass shooting in our history. That is all we can do.  So sad.  Move on.\n\nBut Paddock is not the only \"sick\" guy in this repeating mass shooting scenario.  \n\nSuppose there is a proven way to reduce mass shootings, but instead, it is ignored and pooh-poohed by gun manufacturers, their lackey NRA & other gun advocacy organizations, a right-wing media, and GOP politicians (a few Democrats too). \n\nNo, no, ignore the evidence once again! Do everything to make sure we do NOT do anything to make gun ownership an individual and state responsibility to protect the safety of children, women, and men.  \n\nWorse, actively work to increase gun sales & decrease public safety by making guns more accessible--to children, teachers, those with mental illness, and by promoting open-carry laws, etc.\n\nWhy would we ignore the success story of Australia that instituted reasonable gun control laws in 1996 after a horrendous mass shooting? There has not been a mass shooting in 20 years. Could there EVER be one?  Of course. But look at the scale of gun deaths, injuries, and mass shootings in our highly politicized \"no gun regulations allowed\" country. \n\nPaddock is not the only \"sick\" person promoting our gun violence culture. ", "Let the discussion begin with the sickness and hyper-hypocrisy at the top, a president who boasts of being so popular that he could shoot someone dead in the street with impunity.  ", "Amongst all this terrible grief felt by all of us...anger is also felt. If strict gun laws had been in place, and the weak legislatures, who have bowed to the NRA and the gun manufacture's self interests,  this \"normal\" man could not have instigated this dreadful deed so effectively. When Twitter Twit Trump wants a photo op at the White House for the many heroes of this tragedy, I suggest that they tell him that when Congress enacts strict gun laws, then, and only then they will accept the White House invitation. ", "People who start buying a lot of guns need to be checked out, just like we check out people who buy a lot of stuff for making illegal drugs or moonshine or explosives.  At a minimum, law enforcement should have known that this guy was buying lots of guns from various stores.  Did they know?", "Who who pays hospital costs and extended psychological and physical rehab costs for the victims?", "A very very sick individual. With over 40 weapons and enough ammo for three lifetimes of target practice and deer seasons, let's not forget that. ", "The way to comfort the American people at a time like this is not by Twitter, followed by a strait-jacketed, obviously creaky effort to keep on subject. Wait for the contradictory messages in the days to come. Talk about sick? Not a word about the gun problem or its roots or any hope of amelioration. The man has no capacity for empathy or compassion. And the time to talk about gun control IS now, when the memories are fresh, not later, when the NRA and the gun lovers have got their stories straight.  Stop tweeting, on any subject whatsoever. Congress and 45, do your jobs, which are to support the genuine interests and safety of the American people. Take back the nation and your souls, which you have sold to the NRA. What a sad, sick, deadly nation this has become.", "This has been coming for a long time, and it is only going to get worse if we do nothing about high-powered weapons in the hands of civilians. Not even professional soldiers are allowed to carry these types of weapons around. They are locked in armories! \n\nHere in Texas, we have concealed carry, and people have become so afraid of each other that it's hard to even open your mouth to talk to strangers. You can't remonstrate with a stranger, for fear that he or she is going to whip out a gun and just shoot you dead. If someone does something rude, you just put up with it, because who knows if that person has a gun or not! \n\nIt's like living in a fifties western, where the citizens of a town are held as silent hostages by an unstable villain stalking the town with his six shooters and taking down anyone he wants to, because the sheriff and everyone else is terrified of him. Gun crazies are holding hostage the rest of us law-abiding, peaceful citizens. \n\nSo many times I've heard complaints about encounters with rude, aggressive men, which all finish with, \"But, of course, I didn't say anything, because who knows -- he could have been carrying a gun.\" And the listeners nod, because we know exactly what they mean. These people rob us of OUR liberty.\n\nWe have a president who flies off the handle at every imagined or real slight he hears. We know there are people out there who just \"snap.\" We have all witnessed this. Why do we allow people to walk around with guns at all?", "It's no mystery and not a secret that as a whole the Republican party stands with the NRA\n\nWe can complain that politicians do not take action to enact stronger gun laws. \n\nBut we are the ones who vote them in - as the majority in the House, Senate, and the majority of state legislatures and of course the President. \n\nSo the question is not so much what the politicians will do about it but what we the voters will.  ", "\u201cWe will be talking about gun laws as time goes by,\u201d said Trump.  The sad part is, it will only be talk as it always is after a mass tragedy. History has shown  that if children can be slaughtered in their classroom and nothing of consequence was enacted, this disaster too will go the same way and fade into the past. Washington can do all the lip service they want to but until they truly act on gun control, it will remain lip service.", "\"Trump Calls the Gunman \u2018Sick\u2019\"?\n\nNO, Trump, a nation that allows this sort of carnage as just-another-day-in-America and the cost of \"freedom\" to bear assault automatic weapons is the SICK one!  \n\nAs is anyone trying to sweep the death of 50 people under the carpet as something that nothing can be done about.  \n\nA nation who watches 50 people get shot in Las Vegas, after schoolkids got shot in Sandy Hook, and people get shot in a church in Charleston, and does NOTHING is sick, perhaps terminally.", "With respect for the murdered and the survivors, and the first responders and volunteers that sought to help one another rather than destroy as Stephen Paddock, the thought comes to mind: what would have been the seen if the NRA could have their way and all the attendees were carrying pistols on their hips, and assault rifles on their shoulders?  Isn't that their solution, more guns make us safer?", "The guy was indeed a sick individual who did a sick, terrible thing, and I'm tired of these sick, terrible people taking out their rage on people going about their business.  Now what is Trump, as president, going to do about it?  This isn't the first time a mentally deranged man with access to high-powered weaponry has taken out numerous innocent people. We need reasonable gun laws in this country and Trump, as president, has the power to nudge Congress in the right direction on this.  They shamefully dug in their heels with Obama on this issue but maybe they'll listen to Trump, their man in the White House, if he demands it loudly enough, long enough, and rudely enough, since they don't seem to respond to normal channels of politeness and adult discourse.\n\nThoughts and prayers and platitudes from politicians get us nowhere.  We need reasonable laws that protect people in this country and keep dangerous weapons out of the hands of the mentally ill and those with murderous intent.  Look, I don't know how to do this; that's what our elected officials are, in theory anyway, supposed to be figuring out  There is no reason that anyone save the military or the police needs access to automatic weapons.  Our rights as citizens to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness are not and should not be cancelled out by some lunatic's perceived right to purchase powerful, carnage-inducing weaponry cloaked under the auspices of the Second Amendment.", "Please write or call your representative and senator today. There's a silencer bill that is pending in the House. All we can do is keep writing and calling. I am not represented in Congress, as North Carolina gerrymandering guarantees that Republicans win an outsize number of seats, and now judicial districts are under attack by my NC legislature. The Electoral College has done much to ensure that my presidential vote may never matter either, though at least I live in a swing state. I don't expect the Supreme Court to help with partisan gerrymandering though it has an opportunity this term, given that a seat was stolen from Obama. I don't expect any Republican to do anything remotely civilized at this point, Susan Collins, John McCain and a few other exceptions to the rule notwithstanding. Shame on them.\nAmericans, it may be that the only hope we have is for young people and retirees to move en masse into the rural areas and Republican states, register, and vote.", "How do we describe a Republican Congress that want to pass a law to legalize gun silencers.  I would describe then as cynical and sick disgraces to common sense and decency.\n\nA silencer is not part of a gun nor would it be consider a arms of some sort. It is a device used to conceal a shot.   The device of snipers with no place outside of war situations.", "Mandalay Bay charges $20 a day to park your car in their lot; surely they can figure out a way have a weapons convenience fee... over 20 guns and no flags went up.  Schools have metal detectors, hotels in Nevada have cameras all over the place; how is it over 20 guns were permitted?\n\nNo one persons needs 20 guns at a hotel in Vegas, bring them if you want, and pay a huge storage fee; check them in/out.  Provide proof of ownership, insurance for weapon (this is missing) and I am sure that greedy hotel owners would be happy to charge a storage convenience fee for all the extra weapons.... instant profit.", "This is on us if 80% of American citizens want more stringent gun control laws.  There is an air of hopelessness about this issue and we can't take that stance, even with what has happened before this recent massacre and that list is very long.\n\nThe NRA gave money to both Senators in my state, Jeff Flake, who is so proud of his A+ rating from this organization, received the largest sum at $18,400 and the NRA spent just over $3 million the last time on the rest of the representatives that they purchased.  Those were cheap purchases and we can override them.\n\nWe have fought other big issues and we have to do it again.  Lean in, people, if we want to go anywhere without the fear that we will be blown away at some supermarket or elsewhere. \n\n'we will talk about gun control at sometime???'  Let's start talking now!\n\nIf we believe nothing will change, we have adopted a future of carnage.", "WHAT does the Liberal Progressive expect?  \n\nLet's say you have always carried a gun in your car or truck. You live in the suburbs or rural area.  You are a moderately successful person in some business.   \n\nLet's say someone close to you was harmed in this incident in Vegas.  Why would you shift your position your possessing a gun?  You should understand that bad people don't need a gun to harm you if they want something you have.\nI was near LA on the morning after this incident.  It was surprising the misinformed opinions on AM news stations there.  Particularly they kept reporting the number of off duty cops who may have been at the concert.  Maybe the blue states will make their cops keep the guns at work since Joe Taxpayer does not have the privilege of carry a gun.  The dems say all guns are bad.  Sue the manufacturers.  Yet the gov needs guns that function every time when needed.\nNext week I will be in the \"Duke City\" That's a dangerous town in a relatively gun friendly state.  The criminals on Central Ave don't need a gun to harm you.  That's one area you better look carefully before getting out of your car.", "Whenever these horrific things happen, gun sales go through the roof. It's not going to stop...", "I predict gun sales will rocket again, as they did after Sandy Hook.  Even as a licensed gun owner, I find this tragic. ", "Mr. Trump says \"we'll be talking about gun laws... as time goes by\"  and as people die.\nInsanity is manufacture and sale of weapons of mass murder.\nDon't let the \"coming to take your guns\" strawman occupy the conversation, the politics, and the lawmakers.  This isn't about confiscation of guns, sport shooting, hunting, or personal protection.\nThis is about whether we continue to enable the manufacture and sale of machine guns, silencers, rapid fire trigger mechanisms, armor piercing bullets and other weapons of warfare and mass murder.  ", "\"\u201cWe will be talking about gun laws as time goes by,\u201d Mr. Trump said \"\n\nTell us something we already don't know.", "Contact Rupert Murdoch owner of Fox News, Fox, WSJ etc.  Demand his network pressure the GOP for gun regulation.  It is the only voice powerful enough to overcome the NRA.  Barring that demand all advertisers drop Fox News, WSJ, etc. or we boycott their products.  It starts at Rupert's desk.  He allows this to continue by giving the crazy a voice.\nDems should not stand for a moment of silence on the house or senate floor!  They should scream at the top of their lungs for the 559 people who can't speak right now to demand results and change!", "Translation of the shooter is \"sick\"- let's shift the blame to mental illness (which overall is not associated with increased propensity to violence) rather than the real (and much more straightforward to address) problem of lax gun control laws.", "when do they question the girlfriend who was living with the shooter in a home that police now say contained thousands of rounds of ammo, explosive chemicals and devices, and between 20 and 50 weapons?  ", "Time to Repeal and Replace the Second Amendment.", "Candles and stuffed animals. This is my country's answer to violence. ", "From the guy who encouraged a 2nd Amendment solution and has been cozy with the NRA and loosening firearms restrictions.", "If everyone would pick up a book and read the history of the Second Amendment, they'd understand why we focus on the \"lone wolf\" and not on banning guns. People want to be armed for when the race wars start. That's what's at the bottom of this. During slavery, the 2nd Amendment was crucial to establishing slave patrols and putting down slave insurrections. Post-Reconstruction, the KKK used the 2nd Amendment to terrorize and disarm former slavers aka citizens. Armed Black Panthers famously commandeered the Sacramento state capitol. Republicans responded with gun control laws. Recall the lies during the Obama administration that he was going to confiscate \"our\" guns. Gun sales exploded. Have we forgotten about the Bundys and the Oregon standoff? Have we also forgotten that the child Tamir Rice was summarily executed while playing with a toy gun in an open carry state? Of course we have. \n\nSo if you're complaining that we shouldn't be focusing so much attention on Paddock, then you'll have to wrestle with the racial underpinnings of the Second Amendment. You're not going to win this one. Sorry. As long as the nation is browning, gun control laws will dissolve and gun access will expand. \n\nIs that a collective \"never mind\" I just heard?", "\u201cWe will be talking about gun laws as time goes by,\u201d\n\nMeaning never.", "What pathetic words out of Trump, a man with no empathy whatsoever, \"a very, very sick individual\" himself. But what else can he say? He is incapable of feelings for others and has nothing constructive to offer, no policies to try to make gun violence less the routine it has become. Best he can do is fly to Vegas for his photo op. Maybe he can catch a few shows, stay in a glitzy hotel rather than one more night in that \"dump,\" the White House. ", "\"We will be talking about gun laws as time goes by\" says Donald Trump.\nWell, some of us might, but it's doubtful that Donald will, not after he gets his talking points from Fox and the NRA. He will go back to tweeting about those uppity athletes and those lazy Puerto Ricans soon enough... ", "Live by the NRA's interpretation of the second amendment, die by it.", "In February of this year, Trump signed a measure into law that rescinds an Obama-era rule aimed at blocking gun sales to mentally ill people. \n\nPresident Trump on Tuesday called Mr. Paddock \u201ca sick man, a demented man,\u201d adding that \u201cwe are dealing with a very, very sick individual.\u201d\n\nDoes he not understand the connection here?  Is he that brain-dead?", "Are you kidding,  NYTimes?  WE LOVE OUR GUNS!  WE WOULD MARRY THEM IF WE COULD.  Congress won't do anything because CONGRESS LOVES THE $$$$ FROM GUN MANUFACTURERS AND THEY FEAR THE CRITICISM OF THE NRA.  Even when one of their own is shot and nearly killed it makes no difference. \n\n It is a pity that we can't televise one of these real things -- oh wait! -- we get the next best thing when someone present uses a cell phone to capture the horror.  And still it makes no difference.  Clearly, this is the modern equivalent of a public hanging, except that it's the public that is killed and everyone else tsk-tsks.  WELL, TOMORROW:  another day another mass murder. . . .", "Mr. President....don't hide behind \"sick and demented\". This person was intelligent and devious. He thought for days about this. He probably bought every gun legally. This is premeditated mass murder made possible by the NRA. Wait till they make silencers freely available. People will not even be aware enough to duck or flee to save their lives. Shame on you GOP, NRA and all others who aid and abet incidents like this and  Sandy Hook. Ban assault weapons NOW.", "Too many massacres , too many innocents killed , when is America going to say \" enough is enough \" ???\nUntil NRA , armament lobbies and GOP will be in charge to support  an anachronistic constitutional right , Americans GET ready for more violent deaths.\nToo many mentally deranged people are allowed to carry guns and the background checks are laughable.\nMental healthcare is so scarse and underfunded , that America is paying a high price due to the apathy and disregard for human life by the GOP .\nPresident Obama tried unrelentessly  to limit the widespread availability of firearms , but he was ignored  , just like all those crying parents of the Sandy Hook school in Connecticut.\nSHAME  !", "The President said the shooter was sick, yet he was able to amass a huge arsenal of guns and bullets legally. \n\nHow is it possible for a mentally sick person to be able to buy the guns and bullets legally? ", "Steve Bannon, Russia's Putin and his operatives, Rupert Murdoch, owner of fox-so-called news, Bill O'Reilly, \"justice\" Scalia, Charlton Heston and Roger Ailes from their graves, Rudy Giuliani, the Koch brothers and other weapons manufacturers, and the rest of the Top 1% Global Financial Elite Robber Baron/Radical religion Good Old Boys' Cabal are laughing their heads off.  \n\nComplete chaos makes them giddy.  They think they have won and can get total control of The United States government and governments around the world.\n\nNO.  They have not \"won\" anything but OUR contempt.  WE THE PEOPLE have the votes and the voice to stop them.  NOW is the time. ", "Because the shooter was white, Trump calls him \"sick\".  If the he were brown, it'd be \"terrorist\". ", "Good to talk about \"gun laws\",  but better yet to start a more measured and productive conversations and holding Congress and the Senate accountable about restriction on assault weapons sales, registrations for purchasers and users - and to undo what was done recently, when Mr. Trump reversed rules established by the Obama administration to limit access for those suffering from mental illness.\nThis won't prevent tragedies completely, but will certainly make it harder to build an arsenal without notice.\nOpen carry in Nevada means that this man entered a hotel carrying loads of weapons with no scrutiny.   Las Vegas is a favored site for gun shows, so the presence of weapons attracts even less attention than elsewhere. ", "The inclusion  of \"Well Regulated Militia\" in the Second Amendment, and the history and function of state-controlled militias in early America, taken together, may provide some sort of approach to constitutionally valid gun control.  lUntil the advent of state and city police forces (arguably a form of militia), citizen militia provided the law enforcement services in the colonies and states of America.  Able-bodied civilians were REQUIRED to own weapons, and to muster regularly with their weapons and ammunition for inventory and training.  The right of states to enforce these procedures is what the Second Amendment guaranteed that Congress could not infringe.\nIf one argues that police forces today are state-and-locally managed militia, it seems to me reasonably that Congress could require a modern version of those procedures.  Owners of weapons suited for militia purposes could be required by the several states to belong to police auxiliaries, to muster regularly to inventory and train with their weapons.  To be sure, there always would be outlaws breaking such laws, just as there still exist bank robbers and murderers.  But the mathematical probabilities of lawless gun use would be greatly improved.  I know gun owners who tell me they'd be perfectly amenable to this kind of approach.", "I have to wonder what effect the Trump hotel in Las Vegas will have on the president's actions.  \n\nIs Mr. Trump interested in making sure people keep coming to Las Vegas, and to his hotel in particular?\n\nHe has yet to show any lower limit to his self-interest.", "Unless and until this country changes its understanding of the 2nd amendment (especially that \"WELL REGULATED\" part), changes the role of industry lobbies in politics, and elects some reasonable national leaders, nothing will change. Expect more carnage, and more brain-dead denial and nonsense from the right about it. ", "-Less guns, especially military style weapons and those easily converted to military style should be outlawed.\n-Much harsher punishment for those in possession of these weapons and the kits to convert to military style. (Buyers and sellers)\n-Possibly, punishing parents and children of these people with 25 years imprisonment and confiscation of all wealth. Maybe, the killers will think twice about it if they know their family will be punished for their actions.", "America will never give up its guns.  Congress will never give up the money the NRA pours into it to assure America that they never have to give up their guns.\nWe don't stand a chance of this not happening again and again.\nAll the simpering prayers and hypocritical expressions of grief Trump and Congress express will not bring back one life lost.   And simpering prayers and hypocritical expressions of grief will be all that is offered and yet not allow any gun control laws to pass.", "It's truly remarkable how the race, religion and immigration status of the shooter determine our national reaction to a mass shooting. If the shooter had a Muslim-sounding name, or a Spanish name, the response would be all about preventing such heinous acts by securing our borders and cracking down on immigration; if the shooter were African-American, the response would be all about \"law and order\" measures and the need to crack down on violent crime. There would be no hand-wringing about how this is not the time for politics.\n\nInstead, the shooter's name was Paddock, and he's white, so his crime is dismissed as the unpreventable act of a deranged mind. Any discussion of a public policy response is condemned as an improper injection of politics into a time of mourning.\n\nIn an ironic way, the dichotomy is a devastating critique of American society: violence by immigrants and brown people can be prevented by public policy measures, but there's absolutely nothing we can do about crazy white American Christians.\n\npoliticsbyeccehomo.wordpress.com", "Congress, grow a spine and take one simple step supported by the vast majority of voters.\nBan assault weapons.\nNo private citizen in this has ever had a need for an assault weapon.", "By now we all agree this man was ill and ill people should not have guns.  Earlier this year congress passed and the president signed a law to allow mentally ill people the right to purchase guns.  Hope they see their mistake. Of course this would not have changed the outcome in Vegas, but we should not take a chance.\nThe NRA's is killing us.", "We need to talk about gun laws now not tomorrow. We are tired of meaningless condolences and condemnations let's get the guns out of the hands of \"our well organized militia\" now.", "A president who declines to seek ways to deter gun violence is also sick.", "This is not the new normal, and we must not let it become the new normal.\nThis is the first mass shooting at a concert in the United States. \n\nMedia companies must discuss the core issues. It's not concert security, it's not hotel security, it's the availability of assault weapons and the aggressive push by the NRA & Republicans to make assault rifles (semi-automatic or automatic) legal.\n\nThe availability of guns to disturbed people goes back to Republican President Ronald Reagan's defunding key programs for mentally-ill Americans in the 1980s. Then the Republicans removed background checks and allowed the approval of mentally-ill people to overcome blocks to their buying and owning guns.\n\nFurthermore, the Republicans are looking to overturn the ban on silencers. Imagine the magnified horror if the Las Vegas concertgoers didn't hear the gunfire.\n\nAmericans must be allowed to own pistols for personal protection and hunting rifles to hunt for food during hunting season. \n\nI support gun ownership. I do not support the ownership of assault weapons, military-grade or otherwise. They must be banned. Those in private hands must be, at the very least, catalogued, or at the very best, turned in. The shooter in Las Vegas was able to purchase dozens of assault weapons. This must stop. \n\nOur President didn't have the courage to call the Vegas massacre terrorism. I'll do it for him. It was terrorism pure and simple. \n\nMore than 600 people were shot. 600!!!! Let that sink in. ", "The killer seems to have had a big gambling problem. If the killers motivation to kill was triggered by a gambling problem then what? Is it the guns fault or the gamblings fault? The killer was shooting from a casino window.\nI never gamble and the casinos in WI have become a problem for many families.  I am totally okay with banning casinos. I do go gun deer hunting though ,but I can bow hunt. I am okay with giving up my guns if we ban gambling. That goes for the lottery too. ", "\nFor this murderer's brother to state that his brother was \"not an avid gun guy at all\" only tells me that he had no idea who this guy really was, or that he was filled with so much hate and rage, he destroyed 59 lives and shattered close to 600 other lives as well.  How could the girlfriend not know about ANY of this?  How many other unassuming murderers are lurking out there, \"needing\" to create more carnage and \"out do\" what was done in Vegas?  Washington needs to shelve their excessive yakking and hand wringing and start carving out solid, meaningful, and effective FEDERAL laws to tighten up the current gun control laws - NO - not down the road or next year, but NOW!", "\"As time goes by..\" Play it again, and again, and again...ad mortem.", "We will be talking about guns he says. Empty words just like the man wearing the empty suit. ", "A question for the NRA.  Where was the \" good guy \" with HIS machine gun to stop \" the bad guy with his machine gun?", "If the congress failed to act after the Newton massacre of children, this shooter isn't the only \"sick\" person in our country's story of guns.", "Why? Because he could.", "Of course the gunman was sick. His pent-up rage exploded in a burst of death.\nHow about Trump himself? How sick is he? Is there any link between the  pent-up rage of the gunman and the white working class rage Trump so skilfully exploits to gain power? I sincerely hope the NYT won`t censure this comment, because the answer is yes, definitely.\nInformal consensus among psychologists  is that Trump is a malignant narcissist. As such, he is utterly incapable of feeling sympathy for this fellow citizens. With due respect to the victims and their families, the pent-up rage of the shooter is a monstrously magnified version of the avalanche of rage that led the working class to elect an immoral narcissist as their president. The scale is vastly different, but the essence is similar. The angry shooter blows up the audience, the angry voters blew up the government.\nThat is why his words after the shooting sounded empty and condescending.  To Trump, this is just one more opportunity to firm up his base, to manipulate them with God and Family in the melodramatic way he knows works well. Trump's carefully crafted (not by himself, obviously) biblical quotes were beyond hollow, they were ridiculous.", "Of course if the gunman were a muslim, he would be evil instead of sick. The reality is that people who do these types of violent acts are all the SAME. Motivations are just excuses.", "\"The National Rifle Association\u00a0spent more than $30 million\u00a0to help Trump win the election.\"\n-- Huffington Post", "\"President Trump on Tuesday called Mr. Paddock \u201ca sick man, a demented man,\u201d adding that \u201cwe are dealing with a very, very sick individual.\u201d\"\n\nI imagine that after that kind of dressing down, Paddock won't be going on the rampage ever again.  And other would-be mass shooters will also think twice before they decide to mow down defenseless people in public.\n\nWho needs gun control when we have someone who can win bigly in every debate with these losers?  ", "A suggestion for the NYT editorial board. Given the postings I see here and in response to pretty much every other story (weather, sports, health care, political, France, terrorism, murder) printed on these pages, you should offer a guideline with each story that begins with \"Here's why it is Trump's fault, and here's how you can use it to bash him\". It will save a lot of your readers the trouble of thinking for themselves.", "The excuse for it is the terrorism.", "Makes me question the honesty of ISIS . . . taking credit for something that isn't theirs takes a lot of nerve and speaks poorly of their character.  Unless they feel that anyone with a grudge to bear against anything is one of their disciples.  Some religion, I can see why something like that would attract so many followers.  Eventually everyone gets sick of syrupy sweet soda and craves something real.  Consider ISIS the uncola, if you will.", "It is domestic terrorism.  Period.", "The motive? What does it matter? He's another white guy that got his hands on lots of guns. The NRA is a sponsor of this terrorism.  It's hard to predict who will decide to kill hundreds in minutes, but we know what enables them to do it: automatic, semi automatic weapons, the NRA, elected officials, the gun lobby, and unfortunately lots of mostly white Americans who have been brain washed into thinking that this sort of tragedy is avoidable if yet more people own a more powerful weapon. Silencers are next....", "\"The NRA owns the Republican Party.\"\nWhat else is there to say.", "As time goes by? Maybe after the next mass shooting? Or the Next? The reality is that, talk or no, nothing will be done, and we will be trapped in the same old cycle of death, followed by thoughts and prayers and nothing more. Until we put some limits on anyone's ability to purchase the tools they need to shoot dozens of our fellow citizens, we cannot claim to be a civilized society. ", "I think it's time this President, finally address the elephant in the room, GUNS. Donald Trump was always quick to tweet out at President Obama regardless of what the tragedy was or how many were killed, blaming terrorism without any real concern for the facts.\n\nDuring the campaign, Donald Trump, made himself the NRA's man in office, Wayne LaPierre acted like Donald Trump was in the NRA's hip pocket; now there is no escaping any of this that there is only one common denominator in all of these massacres....GUNS!\n\nIt's time for Donald Trump to show some courage, and show he's not a rubber stamp for the NRA and eliminate any of these types of military style weapons, semi-automatic that can to be converted to automatic killing machines, large ammunition clips, or any type of weapons that would be used by military or law enforcement, to be sold to the public. \n\nPresident Trump should also increase the waiting period for guns, background checks, not allow weapons to be bought on the spot and taken home at gun shows (the transaction should only be finalized after a serious background check), no internet sales, and mandatory gun ownership licensing for gun owners in the same way drivers are licensed. \n\nWhen is enough, enough, stop letting the NRA and Wayne LaPierre manipulate the Congress and President; Congress is mute.  \n\nThere was a time years ago, that the NRA would have been the first one to ask for new laws and work to solve this national disgrace and problem, but not anymore.", "Why is this not called terrorism?  Because he's a white American male?", "Our Congress is sick. Anyone who takes campaign money from the NRA has blood on their hands. ", "10 to 15 minutes of shooting; that's an eternity in a police emergency. How is it possible that Las Vegas police does not have a helicopter with a police sniper that should have made an attempt to take this guy out precisely.\n\nIn an age of ever changing and unpredictable types of terrorist attacks, we do a great job of arming our police to the hilt, but spend little time with scenario analysis and response.", "Serious question:\nCan American citizens start a class action against lawmakers because of all the mass murders and suicides caused by how they refuse to effectively regulate access to firearms? Can lawmakers be hold accountable for jeopardizing everybody's life?\nCan anyone answer this question? Thanks", "The Las Vegas Police knew where the shooter was within 5 minutes.  Their next actions reflect Columbine thinking: 1) they waited for SWAT and 2) after SWAT arrived SWAT took 50 minutes to make entry.  Active shooter doctrine now is immediate entry by any police to prevent the further loss of  innocent life. The Las Vegas Police are very lucky the shooter took his own life otherwise their delay could have cost more innocent lives.  The Las Vegas Police need to update to active shooter doctrine of immediate entry.", "No question whether the murderer was sick. However, calling him so is a ploy to move the debate from gun control to mental illness.  Haven't we seen that often enough to not let it change the debate?  If members of Congress believe keeping their seats is more important than protecting the public from the gun epidemic, they deserve to be replaced by people who put the national interest first.", "We need to switch the term from gun control to gun safety. It would make a profound difference. ", "\"As time goes by..\" so that it will once again fade into the background instead of being a national dialogue and some real soul searching about our current gun laws won't happen.  Looks like the NRA lobby will win again, and the GOP will hope that the conversation goes away.", "Airlines x-ray luggage.\nCruise ships x-ray luggage\nIt's time.....", "Trump-Pence supported by NRA .  NRA supported financially by gun manufacturers.  NRA claims 'a good guy with a gun is needed to get a bad guy with a gun' therefore we all should be armed.   60%  of  American people agree and regularly call upon Congress to expand background search to gun fairs and regulate within the Constitution gun purchases.\nThe USA is entirely dysfunctional and is passing this 'sickness' to their children and grand children.   SAD.", "\u201cTalking about (gun laws) as time goes by\u201d? Really, sir? Time is of the essence here. Just look at the graph on the NYT Opinion page concerning how many mass shootings of any degree have occurred since Orlando in June 2016.\n\nIt seems we are so quick to call out violence and threaten to intervene anywhere else on the planet to restore order \u2014 except when it comes to our own shores. For all intents, the U.S. itself has become a war zone, mostly due to legislative inaction (cowardice?) and a gun lobby that is much too influential, among other things.\n\nAnd as for discussing whether or not these attacks shouid be labeled as  \u201cterrorism\u201d  \u2014  short answer: Yes. Does THAT now make a difference in how we respond, or is that a word to be only selectively and prejudicially applied?", "Guns kill people.  The vast majority of the 34,000 people who are killed or commit suicide each year with guns would be alive today if they didn't have those guns.\n\nLooking at the photo of people with their candles makes me furious.  If every single one of the adults in that photo would instead put his/her efforts into (A) calling their congressperson to demand gun control and (B) voting for candidates who support gun control, our rapidly declining country would be in far better shape.", "I don\u2019t know where Trump gets his Doctrine in psychiatry, but mental illness usually consists of specific systems, such as: depression; anxiety; delusions; hallucinations; mood swings; panic disorder; post-traumatic stress disorder; psychosis, and hormone imbalance with many levels among different people.   This shooter had no medical record of any such illness and once worked as an accountant for a large company as though his mind was perfectly functional.\n\nBoy, would I like to see a group of paranoid-anonymous members approach Trump, and ask him; \u2018who\u2019 do the AK47 assault-weapon owners think is going to come after them with \u2018what\u2019, and \u2018where\u2019 would they \u2018need\u2019 to use such weapons?!", "I didn't see any security or police personnel at the concert directing anyone in this emergency situation. It seems clear from the video that everyone should have been running low for cover, not sitting in the open space for way too long while the gunman reloaded. We do a lousy job of having personnel who have any clue what to do in emergencies at large venues.", " NYT- But Republicans gave no indication that they would pursue gun safety legislation.\n\nThree things you can count on-\nThe sun will rise in the east.\nIt will get dark at night.\nRepublicans will continue to support this carnage with their silence.  ", "Prediction:\n\nThe \"national conversation\" will have moved on to other topics by the end of this week.\n\nFYI, the Puerto Rico story has already passed our interest.", "Steve Bannon and Putin are laughing their heads off.  ", "How about Trump call this man what he was - a terrorist. At the time of the shooting, as people were being killed and maimed, I'm sure many thought they were being attacked by (what Trump calls) a radical Islamist terrorist. The concert goers were likely panicked, frightened, angry and every other emotion which occurs when mass shootings occur. Does anyone think the the injured and families of those slain/injured were mollified when we learned the shooter was an old, white American dude? \n\nImagine if there is a crime committed in your home, or crime wave in the neighborhood (rapes, burglaries, assaults, arson, etc). Imagine if police response - rather than an active plan to prevent future incidents, offered thoughts and prayers and no solutions.\n\nTrump is quick to condemn and suggest bold action in American when there's a terrorist attack (even abroad). Yet he doesn't see this is also a terrorist attack, and he and Congress take no action to address the problem which happens over, and over and over. Thoughts and prayers - please spare us, as mass shootings are also happening in churches.", "I keep reading news accounts that call Mr. Paddock a lone wolf, sick or mentally ill.  \n\nI have a better word - Mr. Paddock was a predator.  A predator who purposely stockpiled powerful weapons and loads of ammunition to take deadly aim at innocent people.  \n\nAnd no one seemed to take any notice because it has become socially acceptable to stockpile guns.", "How odd that Mr. Trump sent warmest condolences to victims and families. His tweet. Such an inept communication.\nWhat follows on his twitter feed (obviously from his media staff) are formatted images that attack Democrats, accusing them of the massacre.\n\nHis first tweet this morning says he is so proud of our great country. So woefully inept. He lacks the gene for empathy and true compassion, unable and unwilling to comfort a nation. \n\nWhat was so fake in his scripted remarks from a teleprompter were the words \"it is our love that defines us today and always will forever.\u201d\nWhat defines us today is legislative indifference and politicians' fear of the NRA. Trump's coalition is the NRA. And political strife that Trump promotes.\n\nMeanwhile, House Republicans were planning to create a bill this week to \"deregulate noise suppressors\" for firearms. How ironic. Silencers.\nPeople fleeing the shots in Las Vegas would never even have heard them.\nMore will have died. Now that would be \"an act of evil\" if this gets passed.", "During the campaign, Donald Trump suggested that perhaps \"the second amendment people\" could do something about Hillary, and that it would be a \"horrible day\".\nNow this disgusting human being has the gall to call for unity (while using Sarah Sanders as his empathy translator). The only thing we can be united about is the certainty that events like this will keep happening. ", "It certainly looks that the Second Amendment works much better for criminals and for our enemies than protecting us!", "Such tragedies have become painfully routine.  Again we will hear declarations and see candle vigils.  This is not enough.  Calling murderers sick is not enough.  We have to understand where these people come from.  Why our society is incapable of preventing people from becoming monsters.  President Trump, this is not enough.  By calling such people sick, we place them beyond the pale of humanity, which relieves us of responsibility to answer these questions.", "It's not about this shooter, or any shooter. We are so in love with individualism that we fail to look at the context within which these events occur.  What is it about this country that enables someone with mental health and anger issues to feel justified in amassing enough weapons to qualify as a third world nation?  What elements of our cultural mores and beliefs enable someone to feel like everyone is against them? What supports exist, or don't exist, culturally for men to get help? How does the culture view men who get or need help?  Look at the barriers, the things that enable, focus on that. Not on \"the shooter\" because as long as we look at \"the shooter\" we don't look at ourselves, at the entire way the society here enables, fosters and creates these people and their access to guns. ", "Here we go again. Everyone has heard the debate. Everyone has  read the many statistics on both sides of the debate. Everyone has an opinion about our 2nd Amendment and what it means. We do this every time this kind of carnage happens. Even in the aftermath of the murder of children no older then 7, we still debate. Yet, here we are today still unable to grasp the reality that we are the gun culture of the world and we pay with our own lives. I can predict without any doubt what will happen after the last massacre. There will be a lot of arguing on both sides of this issue all over the internet. We will read about all the Congress people giving sound bites to fluff up their resume for votes. But in the end no one will deny this outcome. Nothing... I mean absolutely nothing will be done. Stay tuned for the next adventure in \"Let's go outside and dodge bullets\" game. In light of all the evidence presented to every American citizen, I have come to the irrefutable conclusion that we have to have the lowest measure of common sense in the entire world. The stove is hot and we still keep touching it. smh", "Whether intentional or not, one thing the shooter made evident was that no one at the concert was able to defend themselves.  Even if someone in the crowd had a gun in their possession, it was of no value in this situation.  Any determined individual can break a law if they desire, but that is not a valid reason not to have laws.  Law abiding citizens will always be \"inconvenienced\" when filing a building permit, filing an income tax return, incorporating a business or applying for a gun license relative to those citizens who do not.  Will more laws eliminate gun violence?  Probably not, but let's look at what laws can be enacted/enforced to make life safer while not limiting someone's constitutional right to posses a gun.  Nicholas Kristof's column is a a good place to start for those looking for ideas.  Let's look at countries such as Australia where more stringent laws have made a significant impact for the betterment of their society. ", "Shortly before the Las Vegas shooting I was reminded of what I have long considered an absurdity in our limited gun control.  The blanket ban on convicted felons owning guns does not differentiate between violent and non-violent offenses.  Who would you rather not be allowed to own a gun, somebody whose only offense was tax evasion, or somebody with 3 misdemeanor assault convictions?  The person with the assault convictions might still be told no by local officials, but the ban on the tax evader is automatic.  Meanwhile, just before the shooting former Rep. Michael Grimm announced that, more than a year after he got of jail for felonies, he wants to reclaim his old Staten Island seat.  If character is the reason even a white collar criminal can't own a gun, why are they still considered fit to help run the country?", "Guns were made to kill people. Sure, some people might argue that guns can be used to hunt, however, guns were invented primarily so that people, humans can be more efficiently killed. The fact that a person is surrounded by guns will urge him to use them, in the beginning it might be just practice ranges, but one may be very well tempted to use guns to shoot real people, as they were originally intended. I'm not saying that every person who have guns will eventually give in to the temptation to kill real people, but 1 out 100 people might, 1 in a 1000 people might, 1 in  10,000 people might. Even if 1 out of 1 million people , that 1 person will still create tragedies like this. Ban guns completely, it might take generations, but if we don't act, tragedy like this will continue.", "sick yes but he could still  buy guns. no checks could have stopped him. the only thing that could have stopped him was a ban on the sale of guns and bullets. hey anyone of us could be next. does that not frighten you enough to make you do the only sensible antidote. please save me and people like me. please! please! i beg you.", "Presumably the Las Vegas police are \"good guys with guns,\" but it took them an hour to locate and break down the murderer's hotel door. What, they couldn't look up, find the window, and take him out?\n\nNot complaining. Just pointing out the idiocy of the \"good guys with guns\" mantra. ", "I haven't heard which 'well-regulated militia' Stephen Paddock was a member of. Anybody know?", "Stop praying start legislating. This is  ongoing \"American Carnage\" and we are not responding! Our representatives are not responding to the problem. Between opioids and guns we have become the walking dead, soon it will be every man for himself... like the GOP philosophy. And the title will be American Carnage... right Donald? And who will pay for all the medical bills of these poor people...? Will they be bankrupted by this? Do something about these terrible things, act like  good and responsible government or get out!", "President Trump called Mr. Paddock \u201ca sick man, a demented man,\u201d adding that \u201cwe are dealing with a very, very sick individual.\u201d..... who should never have his rights to purchase an unlimited amount of murder weapons infringed.\n\nOnce again, the Republican-Trumpian public policy of 'drop dead, America... we'll pray for you as a special bonus' strikes again.\n\nGuns Over People 2017\n\n\"Free-dumb !\"", "It has gotten to the obscene point where the \"why?\" of a shooting hardly matters. \"Why again?\" is the more important question and the answer is that politicians are willing to sacrifice citizens to violence in order to preserve their own careers. That's all. This isn't about the Second Amendment - that's just cover. The NRA and gun industry own Congress; the NRA and gun industry want more profits; Congress makes it easier for anyone to buy any gun. And they have all enabled a sub-culture that literally worships weapons like a religion. It is beyond time for citizens of this country to demand greater safety. It looks like states will have to lead because federal Congressional members are so pathetic. ", "Maybe \"those second amendment people\" can do something about it.  ", "Not sick.  Evil.  The difference:\n\nWe excuse the acts of those impaired or demented by illness.  Not those motivated by evil.", "If high capacity semi automatic assault style weapons with all their accessories remain legal there will be more carnage..it's just simple math..", "So according to Republicans in Congress, you should be able to get any gun!  Any time!  With silencers!  But if you are the unlucky one who gets shot, you won't have health care because these same Republicans want to eviscerate health care - Medicare, Medicaid, The Affordable Care Act.  What a country! ", "Blah blah. Speeches, condolences, flags at half mast and no action whatsoever. This will keep happening over and over and nothing will change. Thanks, GOP!", "It is facile to excuse this attack as the actions of a \"sick man\", and not as the result of weak gun laws.", "This did not happen 30 years ago. The NRA has fostered a gun loving culture to boost profits for the gun industry.  Got a problem?  Shoot people.  They have the blood of thousands on their hands.", "What has changed?  This didn't happen 30 years ago.  I theorize that the NRA has created", "Reality check never see church in vegas . World based on deception turned away from god good people of earth need to wake up today an leave past good bye. Un fortently we forget too soon mistakes of past an allow evil to be free to do things like vegas ,9/11 okholma,list goes on an on.", "Sick?  Trump insisted that the mentally ill be allowed to have guns.", "Trump's comments before he boarded his helicopter were simply stupendously ignorant. He still thinks that he's on a reality show and his sole responsibility is to push ratings.\nWhat a monumental failure this man baby is.\nOh and I'd love to be a fly on the wall in NRA boardrooms right now.\nGreedy, cowardly slime.", "Trump calls shooter `sick'. The NRA calls him a `customer'.", "Trump is talking about what a \"miracle\" it was how quickly the police found the killer, but he's willing to sign legislation to make silencers more available.\n\nThe result: it will be that much harder for the police when they can't HEAR the shots.", "I think people often don't notice \"strange behavior\" in those close to them or even next door, or if they notice it, they shrug it off in many instances. They may think it's none of their business or attach some plausible explanation to it. Mr. Paddock's brother lived far away and admitted that they spoke infrequently. As for the Mandalay Bay hotel staff, I wonder if there will be more scrutiny from hotels about luggage or items carried into rooms. So much that we do not know yet, but if we are looking for this murderer's \"motive,\" I fear it may be related to his mental state or neurological condition. It sounds a bit like Charles Whitman, who shot 11 people from the tower at the University of Texas in the '60s. His girlfriend, who is in Japan right now, may be able to offer some information, but who knows?", "It isn't the 18th century anymore (the context of the 2nd amendment), guns have no more usefulness in civilian hands. Ban and stigmatize them, regard them as swaztikas or confederate flags.", "My wife and I just got back from our 1st ever trip to Las Vegas 3 weeks ago. I shudder to think of concepts like fate and chance. This could have been us. This could have been any one of us.\nI also can't stop thinking about my Dad telling us to \"be careful down there. There's a lot of crazy people with guns.\" I sort of laughed it off. He does have a habit of overstating things. But in the back of my mind, I knew he wasn't wrong. The truth is, that IS how the world sees the U.S. these days; \"A lot of crazy people with guns.\"\nI understand an American's right to arm themselves in order to protect their family and property. I think this should be a right of any citizen of any country. However, I think there is such a thing as common sense. The average home invasion is not being committed by a gang of 30 people. Muggers and thieves don't typically work in groups of 10. Chances are, the average citizen is never going to have to use their gun in self-defense.  When they do, they almost certainly will not need a gun that fires 50 rounds, as quickly as possible.\nIt seems that Americans have divorced themselves from the concept of \"reasonable force.\" I hope there's still a place for common sense at this particular table.", "Mr. Trump of course is blissfully unaware of the opening lyrics of 'As Time Goes By':\n\n\"This day and age we're living in\nGives cause for apprehension\"\n\nOf course he has Secret Service protection, the best money can buy, so nothing else matters to him.\n\nDan Kravitz ", "The motive may be interesting for post-mortems discussions. The real question is how did this individual, regardless of motive, get access to so many weapons of mass destruction? This is the real question for the American people to ask and for the U.S. Congress to answer. And then do what is necessary to protect us all from this \"evil\".", "This is a constant American Challenge: We try to fix the whole problem at once.  Doing so condemns it to fail because life is not simple.  Often the unintended consequences are as bad or worse because we simply do not fully understand the net effect. Guns, like healthcare and taxes, voting and racism, is a battle of incremental advances.  I have seen many comments about banning guns.  That will never happen; do not delude yourself because the 2nd Amendment will survive all of us, if not the USA itself. I have seen comments about banning high-powered rifles; that will not happen, do not delude yourself, particularly when handguns are the bigger issue in gun control. I see comments about limits on how much ammunition can be purchased; that will never happen, and even if it did  you have to look no further than the opioid crises to see that will not work. What we do not have is a discourse about what can be accepted by both sides for now, then follow the data to see the impact.  Let's stop trying to fix the whole problem at once. ", "The NRA and other lobbyist groups will ultimately poison the discussion that the public desperately needs to have. But until then, one reason we keep having these massacres is that we absolve gun sellers and manufacturers of any liability for the use of their products to kill people. Gun makers and sellers make money off of the unnecessary and avoidable deaths of innocent people, and they do not have to pay for the full and final costs of the use of their products. \n\nWe're not going to get any sensible gun control legislation out of the NRA-paid lackeys in Washington, but we can start by pushing for grassroots civil and criminal laws in our towns, cities, and states, which finally start to hold gun makers and gun sellers to account for the roles they play in these massacres.", "The NRA calls the shots. Congress is afraid of losing the votes and sits in inaction. Shame on us.  I am sick to my stomach with watching what we are becoming. I have the opportunity to travel to other countries. I have felt safer in Europe and Canada.  The vibes I get in this country are becoming increasingly negative. I wonder what kind of world I'm leaving my granddaughter.", "When are other countries going to impose travel bans on the U.S.?", "The strict constitutionalists want to follow the letter of the law? Fine, then let every American have the right to own a single-shot musket.\n\nIt's commerce, folks. Guns are worth more than human lives so guns will win out in this great country of ours; you must never hinder profit.\n\nNothing will change unless metal detectors were banned in Congress and at he NRA headquarters. But real change will not happen until the craven lot of our \"representatives\" stop receiving \"donations (bribes?)\" from the NRA and Americans start growing up by learning about the meaning of civilization.", "Our pop culture heroes do a lot of killing with automatic weapons.  It's portrayed as fun.  \n\nFor that matter, the President publicly fantasized killing someone in broad daylight and encouraged his supporters to see his main rival as an appropriate target for their bullets.", "We may not have sensible gun control but at least we have \"thoughts and prayers.\"", "Hey, we may not have sensible gun control but at least we have the ever popular \"thoughts and prayers.\"", "Mark Wright, one of the anchors for King 5 News in Seattle, gave a very compelling commentary on guns last night.  His son was a victim of a mass shooting and he wants to know what viewers think of them.  Please take a moment to watch the video and think about what YOU think.\n\nhttp://www.king5.com/opinion/mark-wright-s-perspective-on-las-vegas-shoo...\\", "Find the girlfriend.\nThis guy passed background check(s).  Or perhaps not - track the purchases, especially the ones of the last 30-60 days, of all the other firearms found in his rooms/home.  There is an outside influence that turned the gunman into a devil.\nHow can he suddenly be mentally deranged, psychopathic, demented when no one saw it in the previous 60+ years?", "\"Trump Calls the Gunman \u2018Sick\u2019\"\n\nEasy way out Investigator-in-Chief! Another proof of a deep ignorance. Very quick and decisive evaluation. How a wealthy and successful gambler (gambling requires high intelligence skills) can be that sick?  ", "Nothing about his \"roommate?\" Maybe she should be found and questioned. Just a thought.", "An AR15 in every pot...\n-- Trump campaign", "We know he's sick, what else do you have to say Mr. Trump?\n\nStill waiting for the talking points from NRA and Wayne LaPierre?", "Mr. President,\n\nGlad to hear you think the shooter is \"sick.\"  I guess that means you'll be putting pressure on Congress to allow the CDC to research gun violence and mental illness, right?  \n\n*crickets*", "\u201cWhat happened is, in many ways, a miracle,\u201d he said.\n\nOnly in the distorted reality of Trump", "Pot calling the kettle black. One psychopath to another. How many deaths would 45 have been responsible for if Trumpcare had passed?", "The gunman may have been sick, but it was in a way that our society endorses in allowing an environment that can result in mass shootings on a regular schedule while doing nothing to prevent it. \n\nAustralia and Scotland reacted to mass shootings and their actions appear to have stopped the senselessness. In any case the society chose to do something.\n\nIn the U.S. we instead allow a minority of Americans to create legislation to expand conditions of gun ownership.\n\nThe shooter isn't the only example of being sick, we collectively are in allowing this to continue when we can take steps that very well may prevent it without stopping those obsessed with gun ownership from having their sacred weapons.", "Apparently Paddock had a massive amount of luggage in order to carry all those guns and ammunition.  Didn't this raise any suspicion in the hotel?  Perhaps you have be wearing a sign saying \"I'm from Isis and I'm here to commit mass murder\" before anyone gets concerned.\nAnd wasn't anyone in his family or the people he gambled with interested in where he acquired all his money?", "There is a sickness abounding: lack of spirituality.\nPeople bending heads to text not pray or give thanks. Connect. Serve. Volunteer. heal", "Why will the NRA not condemn automatic and assault rifles?  They are not used for hunting.", "Automatic weapons are plundering our society. They are 100 times more destructive than other weapons. Regular folks are stuck with the human and financial costs of these ridiculous weapons. We pay in human life and financially through expensive security measures everywhere we go.\n\nWouldn't it be fair to place a heavier share of the financial burden on weapon owners to cover the cost of scanning and patting down me and my children when I travel, or conducting lock downs in the schools? The license to own one should cover the security measures normal folks have to endure. If you insist these weapons are sold on the market, you should pony up  and pay for this ridiculous layer of security and fear we regular folks have to live with. \n\nWhy is silencer legislation front and center in congress this week of all things. ? Anybody else annoyed with that?", "To Chuck and those here who blame this on liberals:\n\nDear Chuck,\n\nPaddock had 23 guns, AR 15, and what if, God forbid, God forbid, it was your loved one who got shot:  your mother, your daughter, your wife, your sister, your daughter  Wouldn't you want to know how and why Paddock was able to get these lethal weapons; one does not need these lethal weapons for home protection or hunting.  To use your argument as the correct baseline, still wouldn't you want to close lope holes in the system that enable a deranged person to upgrade a semi-automatic to a fully automatic weapon that can deliver several hundred bullets in one minute on innocent people-not exactly when the 2nd amendment regarding 'well regulated militia' was drafter, when musket that fires, or misfires, one shot were the order of the day.\nIt is not about Hillary, or liberals, it is about your loved ones and mine.  Please look in the mirror, think of your loved ones first:  it is not about the Second Amendment we all support, or the right to protect yourself, or hunt, and or bear arms.  It is about your loved ones. True, guns do not kill people.  People kill people. But, just one person with 23 guns, AR 15, automatic and semi automatic weapons, killed 59 people and severely injured more than 500.  (And what if this senior citizen Paddock didn't have those 23 automatic and semi automatic guns, and could carry one gun only... had your loved one been in this crowd, there is pretty good chance she would be alive.", "This may have been an \"act of evil\". But, how does a lone individual get access to so many assault weapons that killed or injured hundreds of innocent concert attendees in ten minutes?? This is a question for the United States Congress to answer. Surely these weapons are not for sport. No self-respecting hunter could consider killing an animal with an assault semi-automatic weapon sport. These weapons are for military use or for cowards. But the real cowards are the members of the U.S. Congress who have allowed these military weapons to fall into the hands of evil individuals like this shooter. Members of the U.S. Congress are responsible for aiding and abetting this mass murder of U.S. Citizens and should be prosecuted as such.", "Yes, the gunman was sick. Unfortunately our GOP Congress which is controlled by the N. R. A. is unwilling to do ANYTHING to control assault weapons. The sight of dead children and innocent victims is not enough to move them to action. In my mind, that's what is really sick.", "As a Neuropathologist and Neurologist with 40 years of experience, there is something relevant about this case based on what I read. This individual had compulsive gambling. This behavior can precede neurodegenerative disease for several years including frontotemporal dementia which in turn, can associate with unexpected behaviors in the patients affected, such as impulse control disorders, odd ritualistic behaviors and others. It is critical in this case that his brain undergoes a rigorous examination by a a board certified neuropathologist. I know this won't bring comfort to the families and friends of the victims, but at least, it can shed some light on the cause underlying this tragedy. I kindly request to the NYT to share this thought with the appropriate authorities, if possible. Thank you. Dr. Pappolla", "Here's a morbid thought and I beg you to pardon me for thinking of such radical idea. There are no apparent reasons for the killings, apparently! Now please bear with me. Paddock did not show the signs of mental illness at all, nor was he religiously motivated or something that was detected as of yet. What if something completely different happened, and this is a far fetched hypothesis: what is he acted in a counter intuitive way. Remember, when US dropped the nuclear bombs on two Japanese cities it was an evil act indeed, but was the lesser of two evils, the alternative being Japan not capitulating therefore the possibility of millions more casualties. A grotesque proposition and yet one the brought the capitulation of Imperial Japan. What if Paddock, though a loner with not much to leave behind, committed this evil act in order to bring the country to a total state of catharsis which would, in fact, lead to a change of heart of most NRA supporters and thus a capitulation of any resistance in Congress?! While cruel, this theory might have to be considered, for in absence of reasonable explanation, the extreme thought should be considered, providing the results prove it right. ", "Just end the gun sales and making it easy for anyone to own weapons of war in a country where they aren't needed by normal people.  It's so simple.\nOf course that would mean stopping the NRA from financing political candidates who have no problem with the daily barrage of bullets that take out ordinary citizens.   Even after Reagan was shot and his press secretary had his brain pierced by a bullet that changed his life -- neither Reagan himself or Congress had the guts to back the Brady bill -- that's where we are as a country.    The smell of the money overcomes the stench of the blood shed by our fellow citizens.", "Seeking a motive has two components: the motivations of those doing the seeking, and the motives of those engaged in the reported activity.  Since no multi-source investigation has been undertaken, let alone concluded, it is counterproductive to speculate without those facts and data.  In that regard, it resembles an aircraft accident: it is emotional and dramatic, but the actual causes take a detailed forensic investigation. Often the causes are complicated with multiple factors.  In the Las Vegas case, the motivations of those seeking, communicating, proselytizing and lobbying for legislative opportunity, fall within the set of investigative factors as it has all the hallmarks of organization, planning and social engineering.  Their motivations are key:  \"Sometimes, when I try to understand a person's motives, I play a little game.  I assume the worst: what's the worst reason they could possibly have for saying what they say, and doing what they do?  Then I ask myself: how well does that explain what they say, and what they do?\"  (Lord Baelish to Sansa, and her retort.  The Dragon and the Wolf).  ", "Finding motives is very important; otherwise, there should be a witness of the man firing guns. In particular, this accident leaves so many mysteries. For example, how could Paddock break two huge windows without the help of another person? How could he break glass windows without leaving debris on the street? With glass debris, it would have been much easier to spot where the killer was. Moreover, if he was alone, he would have used only one window. Insanity? What evidence do we have? Without motives, we should doubt whether the weapons found in the hotel room belong to him.\nIn order to pay our due respect to victims, we should have a thorough investigation. ", "@NYT I don't understand this sentence in the article about his father: \"He escaped from La Tuna federal prison in Texas in 1968 and became a used-car dealer and bingo parlor operator in Oregon.\" Do you mean that he escaped from jail, was never caught, and went on to those jobs or was caught and later went on to those professions? \n\nI hope a serial bank robber didn't get away with breaking out of jail. The way it's written gives that illusion. ", "It is most counter productive for the press to create charts and timelines of the mass shooting tragedies that rank them in order of body count. Americans are competitive and many of the most competitive are Psychopaths. So you are watching people try to set records.\n\nAnd for that matter it will never be known what the statistics were during the civil war when the Gatling gun and accurate cannons were put in to use. Or does war not count.", "Enough with finding a motive...there will always be people with motives.  \n\n1.  2 guns per person ownership\n2.  Destroy all high powered rifles\n3.  Reduce muzzle velocity of all weapons\n\nMake guns less lethal.", "Guns are a big problem. The failure of our intelligence services is another. How could one have an arsenal of weapons and ammunition in a hotel-casino room without being detected? There is no doubt in my mind that this murderer had accomplices to plan his crime. It looks the whole thing was made under duress and blackmail. ", "Not to distract from the main issue at hand. \n\nHowever, what has actually been bothering me is the relentless pursuit of poisonous forces like 4Chan, Sputnik, Hate groups, or insert-tinfoil-propaganda-outlet here to spin this into conspiracy theories, leftist-gone-looney, ISIS attack or any other hateful garbage that fits the narrative or props of a white supremacist point of view.", "So guns are a basic right but healthcare is not?", "Governor Matt Bevin of Kentucky: \"To all those political opportunists who are seizing on the tragedy in Las Vegas to call for more gun regs...You can't regulate evil...\"\n\nThis is true. You cannot regulate evil. But you can sure limit the carnage it can do. ", "The motive is less imprtant than that our lax gun laws allowed this man to amass dozens of firearms and thousands of rounds of ammunition.\n\nWe have to set a limit on bullets sold. If you are a sportsman at an artillery range, then the range should sell you only the bullets you need. If you like to shoot your own meat, 30 bullets should get you enough venison to last all year, and if you need more than 30 bullets to bring down ten deer, you shouldn't be shooting at all.\n\nIf you need a gun to protect your house, and I certainly understand that, half a dozen bullets a year should do the trick. Who gets 5-6 people breaking into their homes every twelve months?\n\nAnd if you like going into your woods and just shooting off your gun, use up your allotted bullets and then go cry yourself a bucket. And get a more intellectual or charitable pursuit. \n\nWe will always have murderers. Let us deny them the power to shoot 550 people in the space of an hour from a high hotel floor. Or in an elementary school corridor. Or in a shopping mall.\n\nAnd if we can't do that, by all means abolish the rule that says you cannot bring a gun into the Capitol Building in D.C.     ", "Finding a motive is important.\n\nBut equally important is ensuring that those with motive do not have access to method.", "Does the motive matter? Really, he had a thought in his mind. So do the other 300 million Americans, each thought different and unique. What, the FBI or some such are going to be on the 'lookout' for people who think X, Y or Z?\nThe problem is that he was able to DO something with that thought because he had guns, guns and more guns. The upside down logic of the NRA and gun manufacturers will be screaming about 2nd Amendment Rights but the fact of the matter is more guns = more deaths in the good old US of A.\nMy rights as a citizen to go to the store, school, church, movies, concert, the mall, a baseball game, you name it are now threatened every day by guns and the people who tote them around.\nThe spineless, gutless, beholden GOP Congress will do nothing because they fear a bad rating from the NRA. Thanks a lot for nothing. So it is left up to regular Joes and Janes to vote in a new Congress that walks upright with spines intact and who will vote for some reasonable gun safety legislation. It can be done. ", "I think I would rather us talk about Congresses and Trumps motives.\n\nIs it that there are so many gun owners in America, that both party\u2019s leadership are concerned about the influence that the National Rifle Association has over their voting?  Maybe both party\u2019s leadership needs to be more concerned about the rest of our voting.\n\nAK47 gun owners indulge their selves in defense-fantasies; at this point, isn\u2019t their ownership of such guns at the fatal expense of some of the rest of us?  I don\u2019t see how either the Republican Party the Democratic Party need these certain gun owner\u2019s specific votes in order to win elections\n\nThe NRA brainwashed gun owners who are led to think that an automatic-assault weapons ban would mean a ban of hand guns, too, someday, are led to think like the paranoid; while the NRA wants to exploit the mentally ill for such shootings to avoid a ban?   I mean, who do these AK47 gun owners think is going to come after them, and where, would they \u2018need\u2019 such weapons?  Both parties probably get more votes from the actual mentally ill.\n\nI respect my country for weighing the public freedom of owning such weapons; but our government needs to move on doing something.", "This doesn't add up to be the act on one lone gun owner.  Provided the authorities are not exaggerating what they found.  ", "What difference does the motive make, really? At the rate we are going, there will be enough friends, family members, and surviving victims of gun violence to have a real movement. There may even be an armed conflict at that time between our police force/military and the extremist gun owners. But it will happen, and good people will prevail because in the end - they may be more vocal, but there are more of us. \n\n#guncontrolnow", "The second amendment wasn't intended to provide for a common defense against foreign enemies, but for individuals to be able to take up arms against domestic tyranny.\n\nThese lone wolf gunmen with injustice baggage are doing exactly that, for their own strange reasons.\n\nIn other words, these lone wolfs are using the second amendment, which provides the right for individuals to interpret injustice and act on it with firepower, exactly as the right is intended.  \n\nThe second amendment is wrong for America.  There are many ways of fighting a government: voting, protesting, boycotting political donors and other advocacy.  Do we need to use guns for that purpose?\n\nThe second amendment is wrong in its fundamental premise.  The lone wolfs are exercising their second amendment rights exactly as intended, and that is the problem.", "Only in this country can we turn a tragedy of this enormity into a name calling political debate.  God help us.  My prayers are with the injured and the families of those who\u2019ve been killed.  I will be in Las Vegas on 10/6/17 to see my own family, some of whom had to cancel going to that concert.  By the Grace of God.", "Rest sssured, Congress will do nothing to curb the sale of guns.  Society must take alternative measures.\nWhenever we go to a museum, to the opera, or other venues, I am asked to open my purse, and a guard looks inside.  More such safety museums need to be adopted.  When guests check into a hotel, or bring in extra baggage, as this killer did, each bag needs to be scanned or inspected in some way.  When any large gathering of people is planned, security should be a priority.  The venue should be secure from outside attack - no more open air concerts or other events.  All such events should have guards inspecting every extraneous item being brought in.  Perhaps there should be scanners like the ones they have at airports.  I'm sure security specialists will be able to offer many more ideas for protecting the public.\nThis is the world we live in.  It's obvious that arguing for gun control is futile.  Society will have to adapt in order to save innocent lives,", "Mr. Aldean just ran away and, like other performers, tweeted later that his fans must know that \"I and my crew are safe.\"\n\nWhat did they and the organizers do to help save their fans?", "Has anyone considered the possibility of mind control of these otherwise \u201cordinary\u201d people inexplicably turning into shooters and killers, whose friends and family are often shocked and puzzled at their heinous acts.   Science is advancing at lightening speeds.  The Russians and the Chinese have made it their mission to destroy the US using \u201casymmetrical wars\u201d.   Our diplomats in Cuba, for example, were attacked in ways we cannot yet understand.  At the risk of sounding like a conspiracy theorist I\u2019d ask our national security organizations looking into these killings from that angle. ", "ISIS would take credit for earthquakes, tsunamis and hurricanes if they thought anyone would believe them.", "I agree with Piers Morgan if this had been a terrorist  attack the US would have brought in new laws by now...but because it was a shooting by an old white guy nothing is done.\n\nOn British TV this morning a guy called Dan Roberts a member of the NRA openly laughed at questions being put to him about gun control there was no respect for the victims that had died.\n\nShame on America...shame on a President who cannot stand up to the NRA.", "NY Times: if you can get Paddock's online poker user name you can find out about some of his winnings through online sources like PlayerScope and Hendon Mob. Casinos should have records of big tournament results and in Las Vegas he should have had an account for use at multiple venues. So, if he recently had a string of losses and was bankrupt, that could be a motivation for this attack. ", "Muslims and African Americans breathed a sigh of relief. The news and politicians wouldn't be focusing on their religion or race on this particular day. A white man caused the carnage...a \"Lone Wolf\" as many news outlets already call him.\n\nCan you imagine if we treated white people the way we treat Muslims and African Americans after a massacre like this? We label white mass murderers \"Lone Wolves\", which sounds kinda cool. We label non-whites \"Terrorists\". Yet white males seem to be the greatest cause of gun violence in the USA. And most of Congress is composed of White males. And there is never any action from that spineless group of politicians that do everything to protect their own while doing everything to make immigrants and refugees look evil and untrustworthy.\n\nPresident Trump keeps pushing his Muslim ban. Maybe he should consider a Caucasian ban: No white male can purchase, own, or be given a gun. Seems like an equivalent response considering the political rhetoric he and his party constantly tow on the non white and Christian people of this great country.", "I thought only our well-regulated militia were allowed to have guns.", "Horrific carnage for no apparent reason. \n\nThe first question is always about motive. In most of these mass killings the so called motive is almost never adequately revealed, and when it seems more cut and dry, that information offers little or no direction for preventing these persistent deadly acts.\n\nThis was certainly not a spur of the moment act. This shooter prepared very carefully to inflict maximum random carnage: the target event, the shooting location, the large cash of weapons, the timing of the attack.\n\nThe use of fully automatic assault type rifles (supposed tightly controlled by federal law and regulation \u2014 yet conversion kits are available on-line) greatly amplified the carnage.\n\nThat meaningful legislative action will be forthcoming seems unlikely. There is no pat fix for the American gun problem \u2014 it is huge and very  tightly woven into the fabric of the American culture.\n\nUnderlying all of this is a very human problem. At its most simplistic it is about the hard and harsh tone of the American discourse, about stark and dogmatic divisions, and possibly about a notion that we do not seem to know how to purposefully reshape our own destiny.", "Metal detectors in hotels please.  For that matter any building high enough for a rogue shooter to perch from.", "ISIS claims a freebe--A chance to take credit for our own homegrown terrrorist attack without having to waste their own time or bulllets. Why should ISIS bother when America is happy to oblige by providing their own shooters as Congress and the President look aside.", "The Republican Party bought and aid for by the NRA:\n\nhttps://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/national/nra-donations/", "As the founders intended we should be able to bear arms which were available at the time of the 2 nd amendment\nWe should also be allowed to manufacture as many bullets at home as we wish or have the time to.\n\nI believe in the strict interpretation of the founders intentions ", "All this after-the-event chatter and hand-wringing was predictable.  And tragedies such as this are preventable if we change our values and priorities as a nation.   Bill O'Reilly's comments mirror those of too many of our nation's citizens:  he claims that the massacre and deaths are the price we pay for freedom.  Just let that comment sink in!  Our congress can't pass a comprehensive health care (which should include mental health care) measure to provide for the health and welfare of the nation's citizens.  One of Trump's first acts as president was to roll back Obama's measures to keep weapons out of the hands of mentally ill individuals.  As long as we continue to elect a congress and president with these kinds of priorities, we should expect these kinds of events to continue and even escalate.  We are totally lost and I see no relief in sight. ", "His computers will be the best way to see what triggered this. ", "I am not a psychologist, but with my rudimentary education can come up with his psychological picture.\n1. Some sixty years ago, one young man was overcome with thirst for gambling.\n2. To satisfy his thirst, he made three bank robberies for a total of $25,000 and was caught in Los Vegas. Some money was recovered, but was given 20 year prison sentence anyway, but no attempts to reform him. He served part sentence, and escaped and learned to make a living from Bingo, only to be caught, imprisoned, and let go after one year. He didn't need to rob banks any more, as he became skilled in running a Bingo parlor, and at deceiving people.\n3. In the meantime, his wife lived alone with three sons and lied to her children that their father died when in fact he was in prison.\n4. Everyone did alright except for one son, Stephen, who couldn't have a stable marriage, and never raised children. Some unknown genetics helped him develop same gambling skills as his father, even though they have not known each other.  He became financially well off, but had a vacuum in his life.\n5. He was jealous at crowd of families enjoying themselves in a music concert. As a family, he and his siblings never had such an outing with both parents.\n6. He decided to take a revenge on the society which deprived him of normal childhood. His Second Amendment right came in handy. His wealth came in handy. Lax security at the hotel came in handy.\n7. Mr. Stephen Paddock got into the record books he wanted to get into. ", "A motive? How about \"because.\"\nBecause he could purchase automatic weapons.\nBecause he could own an arsenal.\nBecause this country continues to do nothing about gun control. ", "Forget about trying to uncover the \"motives\" of the shooter.  We will never be able to identify all or any of the disturbed individuals in time to prevent future similar events.  Focus on other lessons we can learn.  Ban assault weapons.  Have a data base that triggers an investigation of someone who purchases nearly 40 weapons (many of which appear to be assault rifles) within a defined period of time.  Install metal detectors in large hotels, even in states that allow concealed carry and prevent guests from carrying their guns in the hotels.  We seem to have a need for an explanation as to why these events take place.  There are often no explanations and we need to accept that fact, spending our energy on developing ways to prevent or limit future incidents.", "Maybe things will only change things get bad for business because large crowds can/will no longer form. Perhaps the only remaining effective response is to avoid large crowds organized by any for-profit organization, not in fear, but in protest.", "Far less concern with WHY this man killed, and far, far more with HOW he was able to amass a literal arsenal will advance the cause of peace and safety in America.", "When will an autopsy on the shooter be completed? Has any official estimated a date?\n\nThe histories of mass shootings given in the national newspapers might have gone back a bit further. In 1966, Charles Whitman, a 25-year-old sometime-student who was an excellent marksman, went to the University of Texas Tower at Austin and shot people below with a rifle. He had had extremely painful headaches and irrational thoughts that bothered him enough to see a series of doctors. He knew something was very wrong. \n\nWhitman had a brain tumor. Given that Stephen Paddock did not have a criminal record and that people around him apparently saw nothing they recognized as homicidal tendencies, is it possible that medical records and an autopsy might reveal a cause?\n\nI realize this isn't comforting. But in the absence of other information about him that would fit with his actions, perhaps his physical state will offer a clue. Otherwise it looks as though we may be left with total nihilism as our only explanation.", "WHY ?\n\nIn one word,\n\nAnger ! \n\nThe deep rooted that won't go away until it is addressed type of anger.\nWith actions for the purpose of making you angry enough to pay attention to what we have allowed ourselves to become, as a nation, and a people.", "There will always be motives, grievances, political and religious reasons for someone wanting to cause pain and death to other people.  That will never change.  \n\nWhat needs to change is allowing these people to have an unlimited arsenal of military firearms to carry our their death wishes upon innocent people.", "Gamblers are vulnerable to blackmail. This looks to be a well organized massacre paid by an organization than a personal act. Of course our security services will deny that because it is a colossal failure. Our enemies work constantly to harm us and unfortunately they seem to be more ingenious than us.", "It is alarming and terrifying that one civilian could legally amass such a huge personal arsenal and freely bring it to the Las Vegas hotel from which he massacred so many innocent civilians.  Who is to be held accountable for this?  When will we citizens arise to protest this senseless slaughter and accuse those who are truly guilty of this unbelievable crime?  And whom shall we blame?  I am not an attorney, but can imagine that concerned citizens - the parents of Newtown, Las Vegas, Orlando, and the rest of our citizenry - might bring a Class Action suit against the NRA and its cowardly supporters in Congress to accuse them as accessories to this crime and having aided and abetted these murders.\nSo-called Second Amendment rights, a perversion of a brief and ambiguous passage in the Constitution, should not be allowed to abridge the \"life, liberty and pursuit of happiness\" that is enshrined in that otherwise wonderful document.   ", "Likely motive:  Suicide by cop because of\n\nBig losses in gambling\nBig debts owed to the wrong people\nMedical diagnosis\nMental illness\n\nWith the laws and cultural norms permitting, even glorifying, the display of weaponry in public places like grocery stores, bars, college campus and  other places that 10 years ago would have been unthinkable,  what do we expect would happen?", "Does finding a motive in tragedies like these create a distraction from the real issue, guns. Is it really relevant to a family that has lost so much or the suffering inflicted on the many wounded. Americans choose to live in this country and knowing elect politicians that are against rational gun control that at least might lessen the damage done by these legal weapons of war.\nI don't believe Americans will change their minds about guns but thinking it's possible to end these violent rampages without addressing gun laws it's just not possible.", "I guess it matters what his motive was.  What matters way more is that so many people are dead, wounded, grieving, traumatized.\n\nThere will always be \"lone wolf males\", people under the influence of terrorist groups, adolescent males, and people who don't seem to fit into any particular group who will kill people.  These people have walked among us for centuries.  \n\nWhat matters far more is how much more deadly such outliers can be.  Why do we empower them to kill so many in  moments?  What's wrong with those among us who do empower them?\n\nAt the state level, we make what progress we can in some states, like Washington.  Across the world, nations and their citizens know better.\n\nI keep hearing that \"nothing will change\".  That must change.", "Now our world involves dodging bullets everyday. Illness, losing a job , or the literal bullet now arriving not just from all angles but from above. So much for \"living in the free world\" . ", "If you are angered by this, don't look at the comments on conservative websites. As expected they launch into the same misguided tirades about the need to purchase more guns, about media bias and wrongly describing the guns (as if that really matters) and gun laws, the history of the 2nd Amendment (which they don't understand) and about law abiding citizens (which this shooter was, until he wasn't).\nTheir logic is twisted.  Their facts are wrong.  You can't reason with these people and you can't reason with certain Members of Congress.  But, we must not give up.  We must continue to find ways to fight for gun control - our very lives depend on it. ", "Trump most dangerous man on the planet.  The GOP the most dangerous organization on the planet.  The NRA in full support on anyone buying dozens of guns, some of them machine guns, and sllencers too, the most dangerous terrorist organization on the planet supported by Trump and the GOP - talk about the axis of evil!!!", "Done with the \"Prayers for all\". Follow the money.The NRA owns the Republican Party. Trump quoting scripture.Give me a break.There is absolutely no reason for any American to have access to automatic weapons.What can we do? I'm feeling hopeless at this point.", "I just can't help thinking all this shooting, and hauling all these weapons up to a high-rise hotel room, was done by something more than an eccentric 64-year-old man. Maybe there was some Mexican drug cartel, or some gambling cabal to which Stephen Paddock owed a lot of money -- sort of like Donald Trump and the Russians. It's hard to believe ISIS was actually involved in this, but they have already claimed credit. I am 66 years old, and I can get pretty mad at Trump or other things going on in the world, but I'm not going out to buy custom-rigged guns. Mr. Paddock did, unless -- as I said -- someone was doing t for him.", "Investigators seeking the motives should look into the mind and brain of this mass killer. Hopefully the coroner can report on the state oh his brain and geneticists can gain insights into the possible inheritance of psychopathic genes from his father (one of the 10 most wanted suicidal persons in USA) or any predisposition to dementia or Alzheimer's disease. Sociologists should look into his social life style as his neighbor has said he kept to himself and was a loner. Even his own brother seems to be totally unaware of his gun collection or his mental state, which suggests he did not confide in any one and had no true friends. His political views can be gauged from his party affiliation and anything he may have recorded in a diary or on sheets of paper or social media. Those who sold him some 42 guns should be interviewed by police to find out whether he dropped any hints as to what he needed that many guns and arsenal for. When all the pieces of the puzzle fall in place, we may have a better idea as per his motives. For now my theory is the mass killer Stephen Paddock (SP) was mentally challenged/depressed about something that had been bothering him or tormenting for a long time or had some anxieties but finally he decided at the age of 64, just like Robin Williams (RW) at 64 decided that he had it with life and was going to end it by shooting himself but unlike RW who had a glorious life, SP thought he would go out with a big bang and put an end to his frustrations.", "He was trying to kill Las Vegas.", "America also received a series of brazen lies about this terrorist act in the first 24 hours. The \"responsible\" internet platforms that enabled the lies apparently have a motive too. What that motive must be is as crazy as the terrorists' motive because they keep doing it over and over.\n\nI am saddened because truth will never make it to Congress, which has a responsibility to all of us to bust the NRA bubble and chip away at the \"freedom\" to amass an arsenal. But Google and Facebook and Twitter will not enable this.  They will enable lies to keep the NRA operation going.\n\nHow many more white people need to die before Congress acts?", "Motive helps people make sense of what happened. It helps people to feel a modicum of control. They want to be able to assess a person who might shoot them. \n\nNo, in the real scheme of things it's not important. Getting guns out of people's hands is. But let's be honest: is that going to happen? And if it does, will it happen soon? In absence of action people imagine if they can just recognize someone who might do this they might be able to avoid it. ", "NY Times: You provide the graphic showing two broken windows in two separate hotel rooms, one a suite and one a regular room, but you neglect to answer the obvious question: Did Stephen Paddock reserve one room or both rooms? If he only reserved the suite with the broken window, who reserved the room next door with the broken window? ", "The motive of white American 64 year old male Stephen Paddock was to shoot and kill as many people at the Route 91 Country Music Concert in Las Vegas as he could. Regardless of motive we need to look at and analyze who and how and where and when and with what Americans die from gunshot every day in a nation with a 2nd Amendment.\n\nOf the 33,000+ Americans who die each year from gunshot about 2/3rds are suicides and 80% of those are white men. Every day about 90 Americans die from gunshot and about 60 are suicides. Las Vegas by suicide happens every day in America. Only 1% of gun shot deaths are mass shootings. Cops kill from 500-1000 Americans.\n\nAnd of the 1/3rd of the remainder of Americans who die from gun homicides annually in 95% of the cases they are killed by someone of their own color aka race. Family, friends and neighbors make up another cohort along with thug on thugs being another. And then there are the rare stranger crime perpetrators and innocent victims.\n\nKnowing the motive of this singular shooting will not meaningfully resolve anything. Preventing as many gun shot dead and wounded victims in America as possible by reasonably effective political governing policy means should be the goal. The motive of our elected legislative and executive representatives matter.", "The President say he waits until he knows the facts.\nWhich is already strange because he usually does not care about the facts.\nAt least 59 dead by gun fire and more than 500 hundred wounded are the facts.\nPresident Trump should already know the facts.\nAnd be so honest and courageaous TO FINALLY FACE THE FACTS.", "What does it matter what the killer was thinking? It is obvious that anyone, absolutely anyone, can amass a large cache of military style weapons and thousands of rounds of ammunition, and with careful planning, kill as many people as they wish. That's the problem. ", "Motive?  What an insane question.\n\nThis degenerate perpetrator did what he did for only one reason: because he can.\n\nAnd if you want to know how and why people of his ilk can do things like this with rifles and guns, it is for only one reason: we let them, we aid them, we comfort them, we all but supply them with guns and ammo and point to innocents and say \"go nuts.\"\n\nThe question that took my sleep away was: what motivates us to vote for the people who are doing everything possible to make America completely vulnerable to anyone who can get weaponry and shoot innocents?  I suppose the right wing will tell us that if everyone in the crowd was armed, this would have not happened.  And that this was caused by a combination of immigrants, Obama, Hillary, women, and gays - to the utter joy of gun-clinging voters. \n\nThe question that gives me the shivers is: how does a nation, overflowing with Christian piety, champions ownership of guns, and unrelentingly apologizes for gun violence?\n\nWe cannot, and must not, seek in sagacious inquiry into the motivations that drive degenerate thugs like this one.  I don't care; all I want to make sure is that no one - regardless of motive - can get their hands on this kind of firepower, and inflict this kind of damage on innocents.\n\nKalidan", "Lookin for clues at the scene of the crime:\n1. son of a psychopathic bank robber who also had a gambling problem.\n2. Professional Gambler exhibiting the signs of someone with hidden debt burden,\n3. A Divorce in process.\n4. A botched insurance fraud scheme.\n5. Las Vegas.....with a LOT of legal gambling.\n6. What happens in Vegas....stays in Vegas....\nDo I need to connect ALL the dots for you people??", "Agree that the media preoccupation with \"finding motive\" is a distraction; especially when the media seeks \"motive\" so selectively.   Why not seek \"motive\" on why the US Congress permits the \"gun show\" loophole so anyone with cash can buy as many assault weapons as they want without any law enforcement background check?    Why not seek the \"motive\" why the US President chose one of over 200 countries on the planet (Russia) to be entangled in his business dealings, and why coincidentally, that same country is in a one-sided cyberwar and active measures campaign to divide Americans?   Why not seek the \"motive\" of why the White House has launched a war both against science and diplomacy in favor tacitly promoting bigotry and hatred toward others?     Motive?   We all know what the \"motive\" is!  It's is hatred of other people and their different ideas!    Hate is the disease driving our modern society and social media is the engine which fans the flames of this hate.  Furthermore, the more there is hate, then the more profits social media companies have as they foster and enable the war of words, hate and bigotry.  Social media profits from hate; so their motive is greed.   These are the roots of the cracks in our democratic societies, greed and hate.   Seeking the motive of a single terrorist is not going to help American.  The root of the problem is corporate greed and human hatred and intolerance toward others, further enflamed and amplified by instant social media.", "of what use is the motive??? if you know why he did it, then, what?? doesn't bring back the lives lost. and, worse, the guns keep being sold.\nso, what's the point???? it's going to happen again as long as people have access to the guns, and then again, they'll go looking for \"motives.\"\nwhat's the point, apart from justifying their jobs and getting a paycheck???\ni'll tell you what would be \"nice\" for them: if they could find some Muslim or Arab, or immigrant or other \"connection!\" then, that would be \"awesome\" cause then the war machine would grind open, and billions would be spent to play with costly toys somewhere around the world. anything to solve problems everywhere, except where they really are!!!", "Why indeed. One may speculate. Three thoughts: 1) Did he wish to be known for something; to become a legendary, even if for a short time, when he was gone?  I think this answer is perhaps too easy. 2) The man's father was a violent long-time criminal diagnosed (as per one NYT account) as a psychopath. Did the son had some latent brain disease? 3) By all accounts, he had, up until lately,  been neither a gun-nut nor political. He in fact was a successful person: financially well off, able to win at gambling, owner two planes, caring (he sent his mother a new walker). He was able to carry out his plan undetected, so he was capable.  Could he have been making a horribly misguided demonstration as to the need for gun control in the US? This goes along with the idea of being noted for \"accomplishing something with his life\". With such planning one would expect a suicide note. But officials are \"not authorized to divulge details of the investigation\" nor has anyone quoted his roommate. (Is broadcasting the publicity agenda of a killer even moral?)\n\nThe fact remains that with more guns than cars in the US, more guns than computers, more guns than adults, unbalanced people will do unbalanced things with guns.  Here is an opening, a perfect opportunity for moral leadership from a moral leader.....", "I read a few years ago of research into the causes of these kinds of crimes, and it showed they were all in some manner or another copy cat crimes, the  perpetrators had all taken a big interest in prior crimes of mass violence. I may have read that in The Atlantic or The New Yorker.", "Who cares what the motive was? The cause is always the same. A guy bought assault weapons. He was a good guy, good enough to buy guns under lax federal and state laws. Until he wasn't. Hundreds of millions of  guns are out there, and it's only a matter of a little time until the next one of those good guys who bought a gun mows down his fellow citizens.", "With 23 firearms, this lone wolf had only slaughtering innocent people on his mind. He knew what he was doing. He was not on a hunting trip with buddies, he was on a mission of mass murder, a terrorist without a beard or a turban. ", "Well, one crazy possibility is that it wasn't Paddock.  \n\nPerhaps, Paddock was doing his normal thing in Las Vegas and a third party killed him and shot at the crowd from his room.  \n\nAlthough all the weapons registered were his I'm assuming? \n\nMaybe he harbored views that isolated from the mainstream like most Trump supporters and news groups like NYT made him feel like a racist or misogynist cause he had different ideas on how life should be lived and couldn't share or discuss those views for fear of retaliation like people at Silicon Valley?  Considering this seemed preplanned for quite a while and he never expessed any political leanings.  \n\nOr his recent gambling problems precipitated it, which seem the most rational.  Guy loves gambling, that in itself is kind of dangerous behavior. Surprised that's not talked about. ", "Every time this sort of senseless mass shooting occurs that old Boomtown Rats song \"I Don't Like Mondays\", which was based on an actual school shooting. echoes through my head.  \n\nFor there can be no reasons,\nfor there are no reasons.\nWhat reasons do you need to be sure.\nOh, Oh, Oh Tell me why?\nI don't like Mondays\nTell me why\nI don't like Mondays\nI want to shoot, shoot, shoot\nThe whole day down\n\nMaybe this guy didn't like Mondays, or maybe he didn't like country music, or the sight of people having a good time. Maybe he inherited some of his father's psychopathic tendencies and the struggle to keep the demon within him under control wore him down until he finally snapped.  \n\nI don't know why he did it and neither do you.  Maybe we'll learn some day.  What I do know is that his unfettered access to powerful weapons turned this lost soul into a killing machine.  I also know that nothing will be done to prevent other lost souls from morphing into their own weapons of mass destruction.\n\nBill O'Reilly said that these sort of incidents are the cost of freedom.\nIn answer to that view I'll turn to the lyrics of song, one by  Crosby, Stills, Nash and Young.\n\n\"Find the cost of freedom\nBuried in the ground.\"", "Since no \u201cprofiling\u201d could have made anyone suspect this older, retired, white male, hotels, like airports, will now have to institute security checks for guests checking in with their suitcases.", "The rantings of conservative talk radio have turned us into a nation of cowards.\nWe will never give up our guns.", "Eric Paddock said that his brother Stephen was \u201cnot an avid gun guy at all.\u201d\n\nOh no. Where would anybody get that idea?", "I hesitate to comment on such a tragedy, but even after all the other mass shootings when a gunman now cannot be stopped for around two hours with the police being \"pinned down\" surely the authorities must realise guns are a problem?", "The facts presented by the shooter\u2019s brother and the property records don\u2019t add up. Retired? You have to work for years to retire. Consider:\n\n1. It is mathematically impossible to make money playing video poker long term, let alone retirement money. No professionsl \u201cgambler\u201d puts a nickel in a slot machine.\n\n2. Even shooting into a large crowd would take some degree of marksmanship from that distance to wound that many, which means a lot of range practice. Where did he get his weapons practice and training?\n\n3. Owning two airplanes and several homes that you don\u2019t rent out takes serious money just to pay the insurance and taxes annually. How did he acquire those assets?\n\n4. Most schizophrenia in men is noticeable by their mid-twenties, not age 64. You would expect to see tales of tortured animals when he was young and battered spouses emerging by now if he was psychotic. Please interview a forensic psychiatrist on this issue.\n\n5. The foreign travel by the live-in friend with no explained source of income is curious. \n\nSomething here just does not add up.", "for the love of god, when will the nra stop pushing for any dam one that wants an automatic rifle should be able to get them.\nunconscionable.", "Lone bacterium.", "So why does an insane person need a motive?\nIs it because WE need a reason why he committed this atrocity or he?\nJust Asking.", "So many valuable lives lost because congress doesnt know how to do their job!\nTar, feathers and a rail may be indicated and needed!", "There is no motive,its just about having fun as in all other shootings. ", "trumps stealing of the presidency\nhas given the go ahead for all the nuts to come out of the woodwork\nchaos reigns...laws have no meaning.\nhe must be impeached and soon.", "He was obviously po'd at vegas. Gambling addictions can lead to mental illness, mix in military type weaponry and you get a terrorist. Don Jr wants his silencers made legal and readily purchased online or at your local wallyworld. Are we great yet?", "We are looked upon by the western world as yahoo cowboys, & ridiculed as a bunch of immature backward, gun loving morons, which is what we have become.The ability to acquire the type of arsenal that this terribly insane person had illustrates , to put it mildly , something is terribly wrong.Anyone with the minimum of common Sense knows that we must stop this carnage, but how ?\nThe New York City Sullivan Law is a good place to start, it is almost impossible to obtain a license to own a gun in New York. The other thing we must do is stop the flow of illegal guns, by issuing harsh penalties for the procession of guns without a license. Anyone who owns an unlicensed gun , should be looked upon as a potential killer & given a prison sentence comparable with one who attempts to commit murder.Extreme , perhaps , but we are dealing with life & death issues which call for extreme measures.", "We will spend days and days looking for motives and writing about the tragic losses. That is how it should be, but following close behind should be the anger caused by the futility of trying to bring gun owners to their senses. In typical American nonchalance, the loss of 59 lives will be swallowed up in \"other occurrences\" and will disappear. \n\nThat is the sad truth of the matter. Here today. gone tomorrow. What will it take to undo the terrible damage done by the NRA and why will they not own up to the carnage their organization supports?", "Finding the motive for yet another grizzly crime like this will not prevent another massacre. An illness cannot be cured by diagnosing the symptoms. The cause of this crime and the the many that preceded is very simple.", "You want to know why? I'll tell you why: Because he could. Because the guns were there. Because it's way too easy to get way too many guns in this country. Most Americans support sensible gun-control laws. Congress must act -- and I don't mean act like cowards. They must vote for meaningful change, even if they know there won't be enough votes -- even if they know it will cost them the next election. They must stand up to the NRA and the gun lobby. This is war. People are dying. Where are the heroes who will stand on the right side of history? ", "Discovering a motive would be relevant if we used the information to help protect us from further carnage; we don't. So let's just assume he was crazy and move on to the next shooting.\n\nWe could try discovering people's motives for not voting, or voting for candidates supported by the gun lobby, and hope for a different outcome.", "Freedom isn't free there's always a price to be paid, normally we think of world wars and the soldiers who fight them as paying the price for freedom, but other freedoms have a price. Want free speech then you're going to get objectionable speech, want society free with its guns then you are going to get mass murders. \n\nThe people of Sandy Hook, Charlestown, Orlando, Las Vegas and a hundred other town are paying the price for gun freedoms in America today. Guns are not a religion beyond questioning, we are not infidels who ask why it must be this way. If everyone at the Las Vegas concert carried a gun how much safer would they have been? Not one bit. \n\nDon't expect change now, the Rubicon was crossed at Sandy Hook. Peace and good luck.", "How ever did America find itself on \"The Road To Mandalay\"?", "I just heard on NPR that the police did not breach the door to the shooter's room until about an hour after the shooting started.  By this time he had killed himself.    Why such a delay?  The only person that stopped the shooter was the shooter.  He stopped and killed himself.  Once the shock and grief are no longer at the forefront of the conversation about this horrific event, it seems to me that there are going to be questions other than about motive.  A relatively quick response but no forceful action against the shooter's room for an hour?  Yes.  There will be a lot of questions.  ", "I recently attended a lecture on American history during which the causes of WW1 were mentioned: nationalism was one cause.  I asked questions about the origins of nationalism itself.  There seem to be two causes or manufacturers of nationalistic extremism: leaders seeking to indoctrinate the populace to put it on a better war footing and grass-root nationalism that relates to hatred of immigrants as brought on by un-employment and income inequality.  In both cases violence is threatened.  \n\nI bring this all up because violence itself may have causal forces related to mass murder.  Mass murder can be thought of as the most extreme form of nationalism -- the shooter is the nation (a nation of one) fending off real or imagined enemies.  Insanity can be involved, but not necessarily, in my opinion.  As much as we would like to immediately label Paddock as a homicidal madman, the evidence is not really there.  What is there is gambling, guns, and, I hypothesize, stress with non-specific origins: free floating anxiety.  Lashing out with violence is adaptive in primitive environments -- watch animals confronted by encircling other animals.\n\nThe unfortunate and horrific truth is that the remedy for the high stress of our daily lives is to purchase guns and go to a range.  The man, I think, just snapped.  The horror is many could, for no reason other than the jungle of daily American life -- predators of insurance, finance, our mental works always encircling us -- snap.  ", "The last line says it all:  \"On Monday, Republicans gave no indication that they would pursue gun safety legislation.\"\n\nOf course not.  They can never admit their horrific error, on gun control or any other issue.  Lucky for us they are gerrymandered in place!", "Does the motive matter?  Is it going to stop the next guy with easy access to a gun from killing even more people?  No?  Can we start to talk about how to stop these killings regardless of motive?  No?  ", "One year ago marked the 50th anniversary of the Texas Tower Sniper attack. That perpetrator asked that he have an autopsy, to learn the cause of his headaches, and to see if there was a biological cause for his problems. The autopsy revealed an astrocytoma, a brain tumor that may have pressed on his amygdala and played a role in his violence. Given the absence of any known motives for Paddock's heinous acts, we should consider the possibility of some biological disorder in him. It's also possible that the news coverage of the Texas Tower mass shooting a year ago influenced Paddock's actions. ", "The motive doesn't matter -- every killer/ shooter has a different motive. Lunacy, racism, religion... whatever  - all will change. To stop any more mass killings what we need to do is focus on *method.*\n\nHow did this killer get those weapons? how did he manage to get them past hotel security? Responders were there quickly, and thank god for that. But there are 59 dead because this man had time to plan, set the stage and then carry out this atrocity.  Responders can't be there before it happens! Guns are not collectibles like antique dolls, for goodness sake. NO ONE needs weaponry on that scale or number but as long as politicians take money from NRA, we are all victims and won't be safe anywhere.", "The motives of this individual are completely unimportant.  What is important are the motives of the people who support the use of automatic weapons by civilians in the United States.  Primitive and sick are the only words that I can think of to describe this. Who would want to live in such a regressive society?", "The scenarios described are not very credible.   It is nearly impossible for an ordinary person with no criminal contacts to obtain automatic weapons.   It is nearly impossible for an untrained shooter to maintain that rate of fire for a sustained period of time.   A 24-year-old elite soldier with a high level of fitness would have great difficulty doing it with the weapons described.   \n\nI suspect further investigation will reveal that something else was involved.", "When you buy a car, it has be registered with the state.  It has a title and that title declares ownership.  The owner pays taxes on the vehicle.  Where in the second amendment does it say that there cannot be a federal database that tracks the ownership of guns?  Where does it say that they cannot be titled like cars?  Where does it say that ownership of guns cannot be taxed?\n\nIf this murderer's purchases were fully tracked, authorities might have been tipped off ahead of time.  I'll bet virtually all the weapons he purchased were done so legally.  This guy owned an armory.  Thousands of rounds of ammunition?  Why?\n\nWho is the gunsmith that converted his AK or AR to full auto?  That guy should be in jail yesterday.  Where in the Second Amendment does it say that gunsmiths cannot be regulated? \n\nThe second amendment refers to arms, and arms are not defined.  The strict constitutionalists want the Constitution strictly followed in the terms it was written in.  Bank then, rifles and pistols were single shot and muzzle loaded.  \n\nSome say the second amendment is about freedom and liberty.  What kind of liberty do we have if we can't go anywhere for fear of being shot?  We can't go to school, the movies, church, concerts, the park, anywhere without putting ourselves in a war zone.  That's not freedom.  That's not liberty.  That is tyranny of the gun.  That's what America has become.    ", "I am just glad that I live in a country where if someone has a bad day or a headache or whatever that he/ she can easily go buy an arsenal and murder a lot of people.\nAnd now the aftermath is unfolding so predictably.\nIt is not time for a moment of silence. It is time for yelling in rage.  This is not uniting us, it is dividing us. ", "Who went in and out of his room after he checked in on Sept 28th?\nPhone calls to and from him?\nWhen did the girlfriend leave the country?  Where did she go?  When and why?\nWho are her affiliates?  \n\nThis all is too fishy.  ", "At what point do we \"credit\" this (and daily mass shootings in the US) to the NRA? ", "Motive is not an element needed to establish guilt in most crimes.\nMotiveless behavior is irrational. If he was a sociopath, there may not be any discoverable motive.", "Maybe he became so distanced from reality that the plan to shoot at the crowd was like a video game for him. On the 32nd floor the crowd is not a set of individuals for him, the people are small (visually). There is also an element of chance in the plot: how many could he kill or hit when he fired?\nI have been trying to get inside the head of someone who does such a thing; does it relate to his gambling addiction, to his inability to keep a marriage going, did he have a brain tumor - what?", "Motive?  Pretty simple, our national, cultural abuse gun sickness, an aberration re the rest of our peer countries. It is suffered on all sides, left, right, white, black, rich, poor, criminal, law, victim, animal.\n\nEven when there isn't a motive, that is the motive, use guns as the first resort instead of the last resort.", "This congress, one of the most poorly regarded in US history, actually has a chance to redeem itself by passing some common-sense gun laws.  Will they finally act?", "I really don't care what his motive was.  We cannot be distracted with deliberating his motive, or if this is \"terrorism\" or not, or if his weapons were \"assault weapons\" or anything else.  This has become a distraction and is ultimately meaningless.\n\nWe need to focus on getting sensible gun regulations in place in spite of the NRA and its paid stooges.  Just like healthcare, the rest of the civilized world has figured this out already and it's time we joined them.", "The Second Amendment isn\u2019t one of the Ten Commandments. It needs to change to reflect what is best for Americans today and into the future. Preserving legal language that was written 226 years ago and has helped to contribute to over 521 mass shootings in the last 477 days is unequivocally selfish. It means this country is willing to tolerate high rates of death and destruction (as long as it\u2019s not someone they know) so that adults and children can play with their guns. We have changed our culture before, and for the better. Woman and blacks are now equal to white men. The government, without taking away our right to drive automobiles, legislated auto safety, creating cars that are 95 percent safer than they ever were and saving thousands of lives in the process. Wonders never cease.               ", "\"On Monday, Republicans gave no indication that they would pursue gun safety legislation.\". Cowardice from the Republican Congress is to be expected. They have shown it over and over again when it comes to performing their sworn duties to the citizens and to the country. Self-interest is paramount. Re-election is their over-riding concern and explains their fealty to the NRA and like-minded organizations. How they can sleep at night knowing that their inaction has cost people their lives is beyond me. Where is the shame?", "Count me in the minority- I want to know why. Already I have read articles that break out attributes as motives. It's white people who do this. That country music fans are probably Trump supporters. We already know \"how\" and by God I hope this is finally enough to outlaw guns that can be modified this way. \n\nBut I want to know why, so I can shut out the people coopting this tragedy as fodder for their agenda. I want to know why, and sit silently outside in the early morning, and mourn the loss of life, and of reason.", "Reading stories about who the gunman was, I am struck by what I am not reading. It appears that he had no friends.  So, if you are reading this, and you have good friends in your life, thank them for their friendship today. And always listen to them.", "When most Americans don't want it this way, can't we bypass our bloodthirsty Congress and the NRA?  Can we get together and bring a class action suit against all of them?  If money is the only thing they care about, can we sue the bejesus out of them on behalf of all the victims?  Is there a hotshot brilliant lawyer out there who can help us stop the madmen?  And by \"madmen\" I mean Wayne LaPierre and Congress.", "We may not know the motive for the gunman. But we do for the NRA - profits from gun sales - and their GOP lapdogs - power and control for their diabolical party. ", "Meanwhile, over at NRA.org the news of the day is:\n\n\"Alaska Outfitter Defends Fishermen from Raging Grizzly with 9mmm Pistol\"\n\nBETSY DeVOS: Whoopee!\n\nAnd no, Wayne Lapierre, the situation in Las Vegas would not have been made better if everyone in the crowd was packing an AK-47.", "Seemed like a normal guy, no history of mental illness, no warning signs, who could possibly know ...?\n\nMaybe we'll never figure this guy out, as in so many other cases.\n\nThe best solution: Gun Control.  Control Guns.  How many there are, what types there are, who is allowed to get them, and how they are used.  Just like all other civilized countries do, and without sacrificing their freedom.\n\nJust listen to the recordings of the terrified people screaming at the Las Vegas shooting.  Look at pictures of the schoolchildren murdered at Sandy Hook.  And all those shot at the Pulse nightclub.  Then tell yourself that you can\u2019t be bothered to protest and to write and call your representatives over and over and over again until something finally gets done.", "the murder's enablers should be prosecuted, starting with trump, followed by congress and the supreme court!", "An item not commented on is that this was another murder-suicide, different from some of the terrorist incidents where the gunman chose to fight it out with law enforcement. A problem with murder-suicides is that there can be a contagion associated with the incidents similar to suicides. Suicides demand careful reporting by the media in order to avoid a contagion effect, but of course those standards are never followed by the media with mass shootings. \n\nAnother question is how did the gunman get so many rifles into his hotel room? Surely there must some security camera footage showing him bringing the weapons, tripods, ammunition, etc. up to his room over many trips. Scoped rifles tend to be somewhat bulky with distinctive carrying cases. With so many weapons it is almost as if he was expecting some help, in spite of the fact that so far he is considered a lone wolf.\n\nSo far none of the proposals by gun control advocates short of ban on all firearms will do anything to prevent incidents like this. The last mass shooting in the UK was committed with a bolt action .22 rifle and a double barreled shotgun, and no additional laws were passed as the only thing left would have been a total ban. After Sandy Hook a survey by the Connecticut General Assembly of weapons used in mass shootings found that most were committed with handguns.    ", "Instead of asking \"Why\", we should ask \"How\". And do something about it.\nLike reinstating the Clinton-era ban on assault weapons.", "We understand that this may not be a terrorist act because the American didn't have any political views but regardless if this act wasn't terrorism we would like to know what is?  ", "The fact of the matter is, regardless of his reasons or motives, a single person was able to kill over fifty people and would over 500 in a matter of minutes. As long as people have access to firearms capable of this carnage, we are not safe. Change the gun laws or change Congress. Enough is enough. ", "Very very sad. An all too recurrent scenario in this country because congress is weak and spineless. I have absolutely no respect for congress.", "The murderer, Stephen Paddock, had brought 10 suitcases into his hotel room.  Why wasn't anyone curious about his having so much luggage for one person.  Red flags should have gone up immediately when this was discovered.  Men usually don't need that many suitcases and even women who travel rarely carry that amount.  \n\nPeople will say that Mr. Paddock is entitled to his privacy; but in the future, if something seems odd or unusual, maybe it should be questioned.  Maybe nothing would have been found in his many suitcases, but it is better to be safe than sorry.  We may have to give up certain freedoms to maintain our safety.  If a person is innocent, they have nothing to worry about.", "The Paddock family is not telling the truth when they claim that their brother  just sapped.  It was definitely premeditated - He prepared this for a long time, purchasing enough ammunition and arms for a battalion and taking 4 days to turn the hotel suite into a sniper's den. \n\nHopefully the truth will come out quickly. Marilou Danley, who was conveniently out of the country when the massacre occurred, holds a key to a possible motive and should be interrogated without delay, she should be able to shed some light.   Also the ISIS claim should not be discounted so quickly, it should be fully investigated. ", "the first issue is not the motive, the first issue is the guns!!! ", "I feel so helpless. Why do the innocent have to die so brutally", "For the tenth anniversary of DC v. Heller, the recognition of a personal right to bear arms, we should join with the NRA and celebrate the fine work of Scalia, Roberts, Kennedy, Thomas, and Alito.  All hail death!  \n\nScalia burns in Heller. \n\nRoberts, Kennedy, Thomas, and Alito - do they bear consequences for this fine piece of legal reasoning?  They should be shunned.     ", "Why not start cracking down on guns instead of immigrants?  It would actually help make us safer.", "The need for his life - his ordinary, inconsequential life, one life among billions -  to be remembered, 'glorified' in headline news everywhere, and in history. Achilles Choice. These folks exist everywhere... in the US, they own an arsenal.", "ISIS would take credit for Hurricanes Maria and Irma if it could.", "My senators and representatives are already for gun control so it's no use my urging them.  Why can't we be like Australia and ban guns except for the well regulated militias: the National Guard?  The gun manufacurers' lobby just wants to sell guns and does not care what people do with them.  The Framers  would be appalled at completely unregulated individuals' having and using an arsenal of weapons that can shoot hundreds of bullets rapidly.  This is a hot button issue used by the NRA to oppose any controls and any politicians who support reasonable regulationof death-dealing weapons.  The NRA is a shameless murderer.", "I'm assuming there will be an autopsy of Paddock.  Take a good look at his brain.  Mass killer Charles Whitman had a brain tumor.\n The reason a person acts in a nefarious manner is not always obvious.", "Motive? He was mentally ill, the US has the most ludicrous and lax gun laws in the world. Add those two things up America. But, no doubt, heads will be planted firmly in the sand.", "i wonder if everyone know that a well done documentary called the Tower was released last year. it depicted the UT mass killer who did exactly this. There are those who question a connection. Having spent 25 years in advertising, I don't question the connection between the power media and the public. I especially don't wonder about it's impact of those poor souls whose view of the world is wounded....hell but who am I  - a nobody  -commenting in cyberspace...", "Thanks to the NRA and all its Trump goons for following up on the murder of first graders with a fine public spectacle. Amerika is the dung heap it has reached because of you and your God fearing \"Pat Robertson\" trash. Maybe this is what the flag and anthem symbolize. Ya think?", "Maybe instead of trying so hard to find the \"motive\" for a senseless mass killing, authorities could review how our nation's gun laws allow an individual to collect an arsenal of guns, high capacity ammo clips, and transport multiple rifles into a high rise hotel. Instead of trying to find out \"why,\" it would be much more helpful to find out \"how\" it happened.\n\nLaws don't prevent all crimes from occurring, but they do help to reduce them and to protect people from harm. ", "The findings of explosives and \"electronic devices\" at his Mesquite residence, along with the claim by the \"Islamic State\", certainly raises the possibility of international terrorism connection.\n\n[Note, the \"Islamic State\" made no such claim for the recent shooting at the Congressional baseball game\u2014something that would be an obvious international terrorism target.]", "President Trump:\nYou have the opportunity to accomplish something your predecessors have not been able to do....pass substantive gun control legislation.  Please make your legacy to those who have lost their lives in this, and the double digit number of mass shootings in just the last few years, common sense gun legislation that controls the access of automatic weapons (or weapons that can be modified to make automatic) to civilians.  There is no reason this type weapon that can kill so many is such a short period of time should be in the hands of an individual.  You have the opportunity to make history Mr. President, in passing legislation that a majority of Americans want.  As long as there are no limits on access (even by those on the no-fly list) there will continue to be these kinds of mass shootings.  You have the power to do this.  Please do it. ", "Unfortunately, the action comes always after the fact.\nNo forethought of prevention. Plenty of examples of recent mass murders in Berlin, London, Paris, and Nice, but the city police in the US is sunk in the state of lotus-eaters doing nothing. ", "I\u2019m struggling to understand why so much effort is put into trying to find a motive for this man\u2019s actions. Why do we still ignore the fact that if he was so angry with the world, the decision to carry out a massacre might have been something he\u2019d have ruled out if he didn\u2019t have the means to actually do it.\nI know we\u2019ve heard it before, but I grew up in Australia and when Martin Bryant slayed 35 tourists at Port Arthur in 1996, the government said bring the guns in. We\u2019ll give you some cash for them as we know they have value, but you can\u2019t have them any more. Result? No more massacres.\nWhy can\u2019t we understand this here?\nMore than 300 mass shootings in the US already this year and still it\u2019s so easy to obtain a firearm. Because it\u2019s our constitutional right to bear them?\nMore Americans die at home at the hands of Americans than in war zones at the hands of our enemies. When does the right to live in a safe environment without fear of annihilation at the hands of your fellow flag-waving citizen outweigh that right? How many more must die in classrooms, movie theaters and at festivals before real action is taken?", "We must hold one another responsible, rather than attach a \"motive\" that sparked the horrible actions of the attacker. There is ample evidence that violence and murder are behaviors that Americans engage in at far greater rates ( just consider Canada the UK, Australia and Japan) than other nations. Is there not some point in time where we make wholesale changes in defining how Americans can behave rationally, live peaceably and be led responsibly?", "It is being called \"one of the deadliest mass shootings in American history.\"  Which shooting was more deadly? The Battle of Antietam?", "I think what Mr. Paddocks motives were is absolutely meaningless, I really do. What is most important? He purchased his firearms legally.\nEvery year we beat the previous years kill count, it\u2019s like we can\u2019t help doing it. ", "It is the fault of the American public for not forcing the Senate, Congress and Trump to immediately develop and sign federal legislation banning the sale of machine guns and their bullets to anyone except the police and the military.\n\n95+% of Americans strongly believe that the only people in America who should own machine guns are the police and the military since the police and military are the only folks with a good reason to own a machine gun. \n\nYet 95+% of Americans don't want to stop their routines for one iota of one second in order to force immediate federal legislation banning the sale of machine guns and their bullets to anyone except the police and the military.\n\nIt is not the Senate, not Congress and not Trump who are at fault. It is our fault.", "Stop focusing on individual motive.  You allow it to become an individual action divorced from the real issue - availability of guns and the unwilling\nNess of politicians to stand up to the NRA.  Focus on who benefits from allowing basically unfettered access to guns that can easily be converted to automatic weapons.  Focus on the real problem, not what will make for a headline.", "Why? Just why? \n\nIt doesn't change the horrible deaths and injuries but we so desperately want to make sense of a senseless act. Possibly in the understanding we may prevent similar tragedies. Possibly. If we cared to. \n\nWe know not what set this man off on his deadly quest - for that is what it was, with forethought and design. We don't know if he was filled with anger and rage or was diabolically detached and unfeeling. The fact he killed himself speaks to the killing of others as the goal with no greater plan. But if he really did have a greater plan did he really think he could escape once located? Even with an adjacent stair well, that he could have taken earlier had he wished to escape.\n\nWe don't know. But what I do know, even if it had nothing to do with this, is that all the blogs, tweets, radical rants and raves, fake news, and fake religious piety preaching intolerance of others are all fermenting waves of anger and discontent and the causing people to feel they are persecuted and under attack even when they are sitting on the proverbial golden throne is not helping our country or the world. ", "With this sort of slack gun control and carnage, the country does not need terrorists, the psychopaths are doing a bloody good job at terrorizing the people.\n\nI realize this has been said many times, but the country really need more rigorous gun control. And why is a high-power automatic or semi-automatic  weapon available over the counter? What need is there for a private citizen to own such a WMD? What if a psychopath gets his hands on one, what happens then?", "There really is no need to find a motive. A terrorist opened fire on a crowd of concert attendees, killing over 50 people and injuring hundreds. Better time should be spent on curtailing future tragic shootings.", "It's a very bad idea to rank these tragedies.", "We're never going to know why this man planned and carried out his massacre.  The victims of this tragedy and their families reminds me of Stalin's remark that the death of an individual is a tragedy but the deaths of thousands is a statistic.  The only real thing we know is that easy access to such lethal weaponry is usually only available in the United States of America and that such access enabled the killer to achieve his terrible task."]