["Wondering why identification of the shooter is important to NYT readers if they are so prepared to accept repetitive shorthand in referencing Mr. Paddock. A brothers comment as to Paddock's religious and political views seems to have tightened up any loose ends for discussion. Another question I have is did he have gambling privileges revoked at the Man and was executing a vendetta or were there other reasons why this concert venue was selected?", "I heard a comedian recently. He said \"I just bought a gun. My wife said 'what the heck do we need THAT for?' I said, well--we're gonna want water in 10 years.\" \n\nThe way things are going, he was probably being optimistic. More like 5 years. ", "How on EARTH did he manage to get these guns into a hotel room? Maybe he put them into zippered bags and called the bell hop. Something byzantine and diabolical like that, I'm sure. ", "Another mass murder. More families suffering the loss of loved ones.\nJust another day in the USA.\nThe NRA is no longer the group it once was. Now it is a voice for the manufactures of guns.\nI keep wondering how in the heck this guy got his arsenal into the hotel.\nHow about open carry in the visitor sections of the halls of congress. Lets put everyone in the same \"zone\" as the average citizens.", "Any place were a stampede, for whatever reason, can occur should be avoided at all cost.  To hear that some 22,000 people were there at a relatively small place, including small children, is shocking - late at night, booze and drugs obviously.  Always dangerous.      ", "Why a country concert featuring a performer who is a Trump supporter? Before opening up your big mouths and blabbing about gun control, wait for the facts on the shooter to come in. We'll find out who the loons are in this country who preach gun control before pulling the trigger themselves.", "If only we had strict liability laws for guns - laws that would make any gun owner liable for any damage his gun ever did, whether he still owned it or not.  id numbers filed off?  Then let the original owner - the manufacturer - be liable.  Then the paranoid and the sportsmen could keep their guns, but they'd have to pay the real price of owning them.", "Billy, Jemma, now before you go off to school put on your helmet and bullet proof vest.  Look both ways for wacos trying to mow down crowds, and always know where you might need to run to cover.\nYou forgot the first aide kit. ", "A old white guy shoot nearly 600 people and it\u2019s not considered terrorism. What if it was a rap concert and six hundred black concert goers were shot. Would the outpouring of love and support be equal or would we hear the angry refrains of \u201cthugs\u201d and \u201cthey got what\u2019s coming to them\u201d? Interestingly enough, this tragic event comes on,y weeks after LVPD wrestled Michael Bennett to the ground with a gun pointed to his head. Perhaps police are not preventing these atrocities because instead of using solid intercept techniques they miss the mark by looking for suspects in a small demographic range unrelated to mass murder.", "We need more guns to protect us, right gun freaks? It's my constitutional right to kill 5o and wound 500.", "The gun shop owner who sold the shooter two assault rifles described him as a \"normal guy.\" But that's the problem with this country--what \"normal guy\" feels a need to own multiple assault rifles? Why doesn't the fact that you're in a gun shop, buying weapons for mass killing, mark you as abnormal or suspicious?", "We may never know why a person does this. But we will always know how.", "With 5378 comments before me I hope anything I might write has already been written. I write nevertheless to understand what seems important at this moment.\n\nHow can President Trump dare to meet family of any of those murdered by a man with an arsenal so large and so varied as to be beyond belief, he Trump who has urged more people to arm themselves. What will he say, perhaps \"I am sorry for your loss, but you must understand, we must all arm ourselves to be ready to defend against ISIS in America?\"\n\nHow is it possible for a 64 year-old man to fill a hotel room with at least 23 weapons and not capture the attention of a single employee?\n\nMust we accept that our government has two separate standards, one for white male American killers and one for anyone born into a Muslim family? It appears that Trump and many others wait until they know if the shooter belonged to the first or second group. If to the first the shooter is to be seen as the acceptable price of American freedom, if to the second war must be declared on Muslims at home and abroad. (I believe one or more Times writers have expressed this view).\n\nHas Mr. Paddock shown future psychopaths how easy it is to bring what is a daily experience in the Middle East to the American location of their choice?\n\nOnly-NeverInSweden.blogspot.com\nDual citizen US SE", "The state of Nevada is considered to be a \"swing state\" for election purposes.\nIf this tragic event does not drive their voters to the polls to vote as Democrats then what will so motivate them escapes me.\n\nGet your act together Nevada voters and squash the GOP before their failure to support gun and ammunition control puts us all on a firing line, somewhere or other and sooner or later.\n\nThe GOP is wedded to the NRA and gives them misguided obeisance without letup.\nTheir nonsensical reasoning for their misguided support of NRA murderers defies common sense, decency, and a basic regard for human life.\n\nLet this event in Nevada be a wake-up call for effective Congressional legislation to stop the NRA in its tracks.\nConnecticut Senator Chris Murphy will lead the way .... and for good reason.", "The NYT time line states the shooting started at 10:08, and they located the shooters room by 10:18. Why did they not enter his room until 11: 20? Couldn't they dress in bullet proof gear and enter faster? Couldn't they shoot poison gas bombs through his open windows?", "I supposed we can expect to go through metal detectors now when we check into hotels.  I mean how else do we prevent \"guests\" from accumulating arsenals of weapons in their hotel rooms?", "The time to act came & went when kids were slaughtered. All many of platitudes...thoughts and prayers....then nothing will happen. The NRA is way too powerful. They have successfully thwarted any common sense approach to limiting chances of guns falling into wrong hands. Congress have been willing servants to the NRA while hiding behind the Constitution. What will it take?", "the  word \"exponential\" is tossed about very casually, with no obvious understanding of what it means mathematically, but a time-series graph of each body-count on our successive \"record\" mass-shootings does indeed look exponential - this means that the next \"record\" will likely be in the triple-digits ", "I sure the more extreme pro gun congressmen are now setting aside their schedules so that they may attend the funerals of any constituents slaughtered or visit those that are wounded. ", "If Paddock bought the weapons legally with background checks, there apparently is no centralized data collection that would call attention to an individual making so many purchases. Surely, just the way border crossing data is banked, gun and ammunition purchase data should be collected and analyzed automatically. ", "I'm so sorry my country has chosen to make this kind of act possible. Count on this horrifying episode not to be the last -- this is the \"freedom\" U.S. lawmakers have enacted for our citizens. ", "I find it hard to believe that there is no indication on why this man did this. It was obviously planned. Is information being withheld?", "A terrible, terrible tragedy. But I have a question that I can't seem to find an answer for in any of the news coverage. Was anyone killed in the following stampede? Or was all the 59 killed by gunshots? I think that is a relevant question that is unanswered but should be relatively easy to find out. And as well - how many of the 500+ injuries was due to gunshots and how many was due to the stampede?", "All of the talk about how after so many mass shootings it should be obvious by now that there is a need for laws that limit the availability of assault rifles is based on being oblivious to the mindset of the majority of the American legislature on this issue.\nAnd that is that the idea that assault rifles along with 30 round magazines should be available to every American is non negotiable. And so the mass deaths that result because of this policy are simply the price the American people are willing to pay.\nAnd the fact is that there are many other things that we accept that should be available to all despite the fact that the availability of these things cost the lives of hundreds of Americans every year.\nA simple example of this is the general availability of pickup trucks. When pickup trucks collide with cars, as opposed to cars colliding with other cars, the fatality rate of those in the cars are 50% greater. A recent North American research has shown that replacing light trucks with cars of the same mass would save more than 1,000 lives a year. http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0386111214601072\n\nAnd so we as a society accept that the price of over 1000 extra deaths is a valid and worth it price so that the public shall be able to drive pickup trucks.\nAnd this is but a single example of how we accept hundreds of deaths as the price for having certain things that we want available to us.", "The absence of any common sense response to such repeated carnage is simply a manifestation that we are not a one person one vote system. We are a one dollar one vote system.", "Watching the evening news last night it was shocking how advertisements still were shown.  At what level of disaster do we stop doing that and show real shock and sadness.  ", "Bill Riley said, \"That's the price of freedom.\" Tell me, why did someone else have to die for your freedom?", "What sense does this make? 59 people died because some want the unregulated privilege to carry a gun(s).", "\"Where have all the flowers gone...\" It is beyond time to ban assault rifles. Call your representatives. ", "\"Fortunately,\" the gunman was a white, native-born American guy. Otherwise, Trump would have had a field day. If it had been a Muslim or a Latino, Trump would have demonized the whole religious or ethnic group, and said, \u201cI told you so.\u201d Since it was a white guy, it would not do to blame the whole group, which would include himself and his base.", "Who is more evil? The perpetrator of unbelievable barbarity \u2013 or those who allow this to happen?", "Sarah Huckabee is SO wrong: now is EXACTLY the right time to talk about what is the best way to stop this madness. Ms. Huckabee is a masterful spinner, but, to put it bluntly, the dead WANT us to talk about how to prevent the ease with which this horror was carried out and they want us to do it now. People who love their guns and people who unnecessarily fear them have BOTH got to compromise. That means mostly you, NRA. You have a moral responsibility to your children to do something. The Second Amendment was specifically designed to protect Americans from governmental tyranny, not people like Mr. Poddack.", "Sadly a similar event happened recently, which is not being mentioned in the news. On June 2, 2017. A gunman attacked a casino with a semiautomatic rifle, and set fires causing 36 deaths. The gunman committed suicide.;  ISIS took credit for the attack. It happened in Manila. It turned out that the motive was not terrorism, but a gambling addict deep in debt committing suicide and taking others with him. ", "Here's the sad story America. If every US congressman and congresswoman, their immediate families including their own children were gunned down, violently killed in our country tomorrow, they still would NEVER be compelled to change any of our existing gun laws. Why? ", "If I were Trump, I would visit Japan to understand how they manage to have zero gunshot deaths annually. Oh and not to forget just 3 by swords.", "When will the United States ever learn about gun control? How many more deaths will it take?", "I want people now to put pressure on our Legislators...I know this has not worked to effect gun sales, to the extent that this week it is stated they will be voting on silencers for guns.  And we know how they will vote!  As they have now for years...to support the Gun Lobby, the NRA, Smith & Wesson and so on...but the least these nasty people who represent us can do, since they facilitate mass shootings and death to American citizens is to approve Legislation (so that victims of gun crime, of mass shootings, of maniacs such as Paddock) that will take all assets these killers had, in this case we are told the bounty includes 2 planes, to create a fund for the victims and for those killed so they at least have the burial they deserve.  I am waiting Mr. & Mrs. Legislator...let's do something right for a change.", "The Second Amendment was enacted in a time when all we had were muzzleloader guns,. not the WMD we have today.", "First, my sincerest condolences to all those who lost relatives, friends as a result of this awful act of terror. I also hope and pray that all those with injuries make a full recovery!\nSecond, if this man had been an immigrant, a muslim this would already have been classified as a terror attack. His neighbours and family would have been criticised for failing to notice he had been radicalised. Any statements by these neighbours, family, friends that they had not noticed would not have been believed, would have been met by total incredulity by Fox and Friends. When will the day arrive that the Trump administration, the NRA, Fox will treat acts such as these committed by someone who looks like them in the same way as they treat an attack by an immigrant? This is a terrorist act plain and simple. In fact, is to not high time that the US woke up to the fact that all of these mass shootings are acts of terror and treat them accordingly? ", "Too many Ayn Rand readers in the U.S. Its all I, me and mine. I was in a Starbucks this morning and everybody was just self-absorbed in their own world and did not even give an eye contact to anyone else in the room. Ayn Rand poisoned American minds. Extreme individualism is bad. Humans were able to beat other species because they were cooperative sharing species. \n\nFew years ago in a bar, an African American bartender had told me, \"America is a sad place.\" I guess I have to agree with that.", "This country is getting exactly what it evidently wants - lots and lots and lots of guns! Guns for everyone, men, women and children. The thing is, guns are a huge public health hazard because they kill people, lots and lots and lots of innocent people. Prayers and \"warm condolences\" won't change that. I guess we just have to suffer from the fact that Americans are so enthusiastic about guns and the NRA is so smart about making sure they stay that way. I just hope that I or my loved ones don't become victims to this deranged love for guns.", "Alot of rifles/weapons were found, the swat needed about 20 minutes to ound the appartment/suite, a dead body was found. also ammonium nitrate in his car to build bombs. hundrets of ammo were shot in the crowd. no sniper around from the army or police.\nAnd IS claimed for the attack.\nSomething is REALLY wrong here, Ladies and gentleman.\nThink about this.\nMy prayers go for all the victims and injured. :( ", "These types of mass killings are as American as apple pie.  According to one news source, 274 mass killings in America (four or more people shot dead in one incident) in 274 days in 2017.  Or on average one per day.\n\nThe people of America have only themselves, the lobbyists and their own politicians to thank for this situation.", "I hope those in power realize that gun control and self defense are not necessarily related. Even if every concert goer was armed for self defense, it would not have stop this madman from 1) acquiring the guns, and 2) killing concert goers. ", "Large police departments have technology that uses the sound of gunshots to determine the location of the shooter.\n\nThe GOP congressional majority is drafting legislation that would decriminalize the sale of gun silencers; that is, would render said technology useless.\n\nThe GOP is out to kill us.", "I'm 57, live 8n London. America loves guns more than the lives of its citizens. Will anything change? Of course not, the NRA will never allow it. Every time this occurs I tell myself not to bother but it angers me to see people die when the cure exists. And I get angry with myself because I know that I am wasting my time, even the few minutes taken to write this. \n\nAmerican is unable to change, the new world has become backward looking, more interested in its past than its future. Fun with guns is more important than its young.\n\nEvil actions of one man? No. Evil actions of a whole society? Yes. \n\nEvery American needs to ask themselves the same question, guns or civilisation? I know the answer, guns, right? ", "I thought it sounded as if multiple weapons (of different types) were going off too closely on occasion in the footage from event. I just assumed it was due to echo and/or less than ideal recording devices.\nYet I just seen footage from a cab driver that showed a lower window (4th-6th floor) with what appeared to be the flame from a rifle barrel going off as she left from under the drop off area at the Mandalay.\nI cant find any after images from today that showed the area of the hotel where it appeared to happen in this video. Can anyone provide images or look into this footage to see if it holds any merit? The place I seen the footage was on a youtube video titled \"( 2ND SHOOTER ) 4th Floor @ MANDALAY BAY in LAS VEGAS JASON ALDEAN Concert\" but it wasn't the original source.\nIF it is fake, then it'd be nice to nip it in the bud early on before Alex Jones gets his hands on it. Or if it is legit, to provide the info to police/media.", "With this outrageous act  there may be one piece of hope that being  the  possibility of preserving and studying the brain of Stephen Paddock for any clue as to motivation.  ", "Too many guns that are too easy to get and too many crazy people with too many guns that are too easy to get.\nAmerica needs way fewer guns on the streets and more readily available mental health care.\nLess guns and more health care right now.  Trump should do something useful for once rather than just talk about himself and tweet.  Today Trump should sign an Executive Order banning assault weapons, kits to convert to full auto and multi round clips in all fifty States.  Automatic weapons have no purpose but to kill.  And Trump should immediately sign another Executive Order authorizing billions in emergency funds for mental health.  Trump should do more than just talk.  Billions in tax cuts for the wealthy but cutbacks for mental health care?  Too many guns that are too easy to get  and too many crazy people with too many guns that are too easy to get.\nWho cares about the NFL when innocents are dying in cold blood?", "I wasn't shocked or surprised about this mass shooting.  That is the sad thing. We are so used to it that you expect to get caught in something like that when you are having a soft drink or a coffee somewhere in the U.S.\n\nIt's kind of embarrassing that we're known around the world for mass shootings.  It is not about us putting a man on the moon or some other great accomplishment.  \n\nWho needs Kim Jong-Un or ISIS when we are killing each other?\n\nSadly we lack behind other developed countries in health and mental care. Our sense of compassion and empathy for our fellow citizens comes to the surface every few weeks when there's another massacre. \n\nI would love to see a feature or a documentary about how those gun industry executives and lobbyist live.  I want to see what kind of mansions and life style blood money buys.", "NOT TERRORISM, which is 'the unlawful use of violence and intimidation, especially against civilians, in the pursuit of political aims'.  Please don't muddle our ideas or even word usages at this stage in history, which requires clear thinking.", "The answer is right in front of us and we continually ignore it. These mass shooters share a common trait, lack of father involvement in their lives. Lets not throw this up to simple psychological mumbo jumbo anymore. Just go through the list of mass shooters over the past 20 years (Adam Lanza, Dylan Roof, and countless others) and you will see an overwhelming trend; a trend we see in our prison system as well. Mr. Paddock is no different, being told his imprisoned father was dead.  The research is overwhelming that children in fatherless homes are more likely to abuse drugs, commit crimes, become violent, and do worse in school. I would like to see the Times do a series on mass shooters and their relationships or lack of relationships with their fathers.", "The term \"worst mass shooting in American history,\" has lost all meaning. It should be reported as the \"worst mass shooting\" so far, because without serious changes in the way our nation hands out weapons, it's only a matter of time before someone tops Sunday night's senseless carnage.", "How did the hotel not notice the arsenal when they made up the rooms?", "Unfortunately people reading the New York Times should not be the target audience of all these comments, and need less convincing that the ready availableness of guns for sale are bad.  Readers should convince regular subscribers to Fox News, or CNN, or other more mainstream media that the gun ownership system causes more violence.  Most of their readers believe that due to these violent acts you need a gun to protect yourself, but I believe if guns were not so readily available and so cheap for sale there would definitely less violence.  I live in England, and there are 500 less gun crimes than in America, and there are almost rare occurrences in Europe.  It disheartens me every time I read this kind of news, it is invariably sad, both for the victims and the government, who fails to take this seriously.  It seems like they would rather protect their votes more than doing what is actually right, and protect the entire civilian population from danger, and to save lives.  I really would love to see the day where America, heralded still by many developing countries as the best country in the world, to set a real example, that is, the government really thinks about the people, care about protecting their lives, and stops the sale of guns - which might lead to less drugs and prostitution, kidnapping and other violence!", "Don\u2019t most people think that, especially, since people can turn automatic-assault rifles into banned, military-assault rifles, that we need to find a way to ban automatic-assault rifles that only amount to a defense-fantasy for most AK47-type gun owners in the private sector?\n\nDon\u2019t police and other agencies of law enforcement (as well as our military) enter a residence or place of business with these types of weapons \u2018with an organized plan\u2019 so that they do not wind up shooting each other through the walls of residences and businesses?  Therefore, would not a home owner be in huge danger of shooting other family members and pets through the walls if one just starts shooting an automatic-assault rifle repetitively in his or her home?  It seems to me, that these types of guns really are not practical for the public\u2019s own self-defense.  \n\nIf we really want to talk about the 2nd Amendment Right, maybe Congress could put a clause in an assault-weapon ban that the ban would be automatically lifted if the government were to ever take up arms against the American Public \u2018nationwide\u2019, or at a time of war waged \u2018inside\u2019 against The United States.  However, I would like to think that most people, would not think of that as necessary in modern America and the world.   ", "I request the lawmakers of the U.S. to wake up to reality and revisit gun laws. How can anyone justify assault rifles and machine guns in the hands of ordinary citizens? \n\nPersonal safety can be take care of with pistols. One can argue that pistols can also be misused. True. But there would not be any mass killings like the present one. \n\nOther than weapon making industries, no one else is benefitted because of easy availability of heavy weapons.", "\"A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.\"\n\nHow many US gun owners are active members of a Well regulated Militia?", "Surely this is an opportune time for the NRA to promote an informal Amendment to the Bill of Rights provision concerning the citizen's right to bear arms: this , was in large part motivated by the Huguenot emigr\u00e9s whose experience of a 16th century State-sponsored massacre left them with a determination that  citizens be never left again without the means protect themselves-something that might have prevented the rise of totalitarian regimes in 20th century Europe from which Europeans had to be rescued and protected.\nSuch an informal amendment might take  a cue from  the Chinese slogan designed to restrict family size \"Stop at two\" and go one better-\"Stop at three\"!. This would allow everyone of adult age to possess a sidearm and rifle for personal defence in their home plus a hunting/ recreational firearm. Those wishing to have the use of military-style automatic weapons would be restricted(if properly vetted) to their use in controlled conditions by properly-constituted gun clubs which it would be mandatory to join.", "I have spent the better part of the past two days trying to wrap my mind around what happened in Las Vegas.  I still haven't been able to. I'm just in shock. ", "I wish people who advocate for gun rights could understand that the rest of us feel the same way about our lives as they do about their guns; we do not want someone else to take them away. I also wish gun advocates would understand that if we're supposed to respect their opinion that they need to respect ours as well. This isn't a 2nd Amendment issue. No one is coming for the guns. We just want to take sane steps to prevent this form occurring on a regular basis. Do we have the power to make anything better for anyone other than corporations? ", "Deeply effected by this tragedy. \"How can this happen?\", we ask ourselves again. How can we Americans sit idly by any longer? The feeling of powerlessness is suffocating. Living abroad now with my family and more certain than ever we will never return home...", "\"Mommy do you 'member #MandalaBay #harvest17 ?\"\n\"No, hun. Us 'Mericans 'member #2ndAmendment over the freedom to live a safe life.\"\n#Orlando #SandyHook\nAustralians have been there. #PortArthur. Our Government were strong enough to enforce uniform gun ownership laws, and since 1996, we haven't had a mass shooting.\nWhat's Your outcome America? 477 days, 521 mass shootings? And that's just the last year and a half. ", "Editing my previous comment:\nIt's good the Times changed the heading to read \"ONE of the worst mass shootings in American history.\"\nRemember the Lakota at Wounded Knee.\nAND remember the massacres of all-black towns in the early part of the 20th century.", "I share the grief of the American people, and at the same time, I simply do not understand how, in a country roughly as civilized as ours (France), any nefarious lunatic can just enter a shop and buy any number of war weapons. Rest assured that your repugnant new president will do nothing about that, apart from dispatching a couple of hypocritical and imbecile tweets. Watch Bowling for Columbine and wonder...", "Listening to the somber chant of the Benedictrines of Mary, Queen of the Apostles from iTunes as I try to drift off to sleep.  It's the only thing that will calm me down after this horrendous day. Sweet soft chant....\nWhy aren't more people outraged about this shooting?  About all of these shootings?  Only in America.  Where people know not to prize and respect the greatest gift on earth...freedom.  SMH", "It's good the Times changed the heading to read \"ONE of the worst mass shootings in American history.\"\nRemember the Lakota at Wounded Knee.", "dear donald trump and republican NRA supporters...yes, the liberals have a solution, more education and mental health care....but no, we have a zillion guns in this country....we need more guns. the news about los vegas will calm down in a few days, then we can get more guns, and more uneducated people without health care...just give them guns.", "how did he get an 'arsenal' into a hotel room without anyone noticing?", "More guns equal more gun deaths. This is a fact. Watch the YouTube video that cites the data that demostrates that the U.S. has a unique gun problem in the develped world: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bX4qUsgHa4Y", "Americans are a stange people . Here, no private person can legally own assault weapons, and its very hard to get a licence for any gun at all. Consequently very few people are killed by guns.", "You think we look unto Trump for a wise retaliation to home grown insanity & terrorism ? Sadly not. The world is watching and this monstrous crime is never going to be forgiven. This is not about  Obama or previous presidents; this is nothing to do with the recent Virginia racism , this is simply about the insecurity of uncontrolled gun violence so can we just stop gun purchases & corresponding violence. Is this so hard to get ? ", "So will gun owners now push for the common sense safety measures the nation needs?", "This is absolutely not at all a time to talk about the 2nd amendment and political agendas.  Please, stop.  \n\nWe need to talk about how to heal, how to offer support to our fellow citizens in times of tragedy and desperation, and, on a larger level, how to regain the moral rudder of our country - it has been hopelessly lost for decades, it continues to be utterly ignored by morally bankrupt leadership, and it perpetuates lone wolf domestic atrocities like this.  ", "If I were a Muslim, and the shooter had been a Muslim, then I would be expected by everyone to apologize for and condemn the shooter because he was a Muslim. I'd need to say that almost all Muslims living in America are not domestic terrorists.\n\nWell, I am an white man, and the shooter is a white man. But nobody has been expecting me to apologize for and condemn the shooter because he is a white man. Why not, I wonder?\n\nBut to start a trend, I will apologize for and condemn the shooter because he is a white man and so am I. He was an evil person to do what he did. I honestly believe that most white men living in America are not domestic terrorists.", "How did he get this arsenal into his hotel room and where could he hide the stuff from Hotel House Cleaning?", "Where does this killing rank next to the Southerners' waging war against the US in the mid 1800s?  I understand about 650,000 people died in that mass murder", "The mere possession of guns can give one courage and power. He brought them along to stiffen his spine. ", "FREEDOM:  currently defined so that one can create an arsenal in a hotel room and shoot at 1000's of people.", "Please keep up your coverage of the situation in Puerto Rico. The Las Vegas tragedy is horrifying, but people are still dying in Puerto Rico, and will do so in greater numbers if the media does not keep some focus there.  ", "How and why in the world has anyone read the 2nd Amendment - which was meant to be able to arm a well regulated militia to fight off the soldiers of the organized royal troops - to allow one individual to own this many arms, this much ammunition, create this much butchery?\n\nThis is freedom?  For whom? ", "I am not American and it's even difficult for me to understand the fact that  civilians are allowed to carry a gun for self defense, but why are automatic and semi-automatic guns sold to people? Those are not self defens weapons, those are meant to kill the largest number of people in the shortest amount of time. I just don't understand. ", "It will be telling as to whether this act of insanity will bring Congress to do anything.\n\nIf you want this kind of insanity to be curtailed, you must confront the evil source. \n\nWhat possible reason is there for a person to even own this collection of weapons?  Is this what the 2nd amendment was intended for?  I doubt it.\n\nOnly way to change it is by confronting the congress and force action.\n\nOtherwise, it will repeat itself   , , , ,   and then Woe is us.", "If I am not mistaken, we have been here before. What happened in Las Vegas does not come as a surprise nor am I shocked. \n\nThe loss of life in this shooting is the price United States citizens pay for the Second Amendment. Unfortunately, the right to keep and bear arms can not co-exist with the right to life. \n\nThe inevitable question that follows is how many lives will be lost in the next shooting?", "How on earth did this individual amass such an arsenal in a hotel room over a period of four days? What about the maids? The video cameras? I don't understand how this went unnoticed. This is a New Civil War between Americans. How did we let this happen?", "Texas and Vegas are among the states where people give each other for Christmas, guns and AR-15-style assault rifles, posting next day the pictures in their facebook accounts, of them smiling next to a xmas trees, with their deadly new gifts.. United States is the only develop country with the highest rate of mass murders world wide. Whenever a proposal  of restricting the   indiscriminate purchase of weapons arises, The Republicans ( both congress and the Senate) put a stop, allowing the easy acquisition of deadly weapons, invoking the infamous second amendment. One of the central campaign promises of Mr.Trump was continue the tradition to allow people the freedom to buy weapons with minimal restriction ( as still is) The lobby of arm, backed him with PASSION Do you still think Mr Trump that do so is/was a great idea.", "Trump calls our most recent massacre by firearms \"an act of pure evil.\" Pence urges us to pray. Neither of them nor other Republicans feels any responsibility for government to act in order to make firearms massacres more difficult to pull off. And they apparently consider God to be too slow-witted to see through their obvious political con job. They had better pray that there is no hell.", "What newspaper was this fellow reading when he did this?", "I feel horrible for the victims but when are Americans going to wake up and ask their representatives to stop taking money from the gun lobbyists and doing there bidding.  You reap what you sow America - the rest of the world tires when you don't take the actions you need to ..... and Trump - seriously, enough of your population was so dump they bought this carpetbaggers snake oil.  Time to wake up America or get used to poor health care for large swaths of you population, women having no access to reproductive rights let alone contraception, vice presidents thinking you can pray away the gay, a buffoon leader who spends your money on useless walls and brings you to the brink of nuclear war while padding his family's bank account and Putin's, ........ and mass shootings by your fellow citizens...... so much promise America but you are letting the idiots have control.......", "\u201cThis American carnage stops right here and stops right now.\u201d\n\u2014 in the Inaugural address, Jan. 20, 2017\n\n\u201cThe eight-year assault on your Second Amendment freedoms has come to a crashing end. You have a true friend and champion in the White House.\u201d\n\u2014 at the NRA\u2019s Leadership Forum in Atlanta, April 2017", "NRA = Domestic Terrorism\n\nIf you want self-defense, fine you can have one pistol with six rounds in it. No need for anyone (ANYONE!) to have a military-grade assault weapon.\n\nGun control now!", "America's ADHD will kick in soon. And all the NRA lobbyists and all the craven lawmakers in their pockets will go back to their daily business of making sure these shootings never, ever stop. And the gun fetishists, the deplorables, the dangerously paranoid and the angry bigots will go back to making love to their firearms.", "\"Even as dumb as frogs are in a kettle of slowly heating water, when a machine-gun is trained on them from the 32nd floor Penthouse of the Empire Hotel by the hateful rhetoric of this faux-Emperor/president --- they would probably wakeTF-up faster than many 'low-information'\nAmericans and jumpTF-out of THIS first in world history;\n'effectively-Disguised', 'truly-Global', and crony 'Capitalist-fueled' EMPIRE, which is leveraging the old saying, \"Can't see the forest for the trees\" into it's most dangerous new disguise of \"Can't see the forest of EMPIRE, for the trees of \"Issues\" (and different \"words\" for) EMPIRE\"\n\nTo which I would only add, for the sake of 'low-information' Americans: Bottom-line --- If it's not about EMPIRE, it's not about Revolution", "Americans are most violent people on earth.\nNot only its POTUS wants to start nuclear WW3 with NK\nIts ordinary citizens have been fed with all war propaganda that violence is right and correct way to resolve problems.\nPay back time for Americans with all the atrocities and crime against other nations.\nAmericans reap what they sow", "How can an American carry out this evil deed on his fellow Americans.  This is awful just unbelievable.  If he was working for Isis, then his evil deed is compounded by his ignorance.  Killing innocent people is not Islam.  These people are just violent evil thugs and have nothing to do with Islam.  In fact the word Islam means peace which is the very opposite of what these madmen and criminals represent.", "Okay Mr President, you can say it........\"Domestic Terrorism.\"  I know that`s hard when you can`t use the excuse of \"Islamic Terrorism\",  but call it for what it is. ", "Worst mass shooting... until the next one.", "Ohioans, please note --\nSenator Rob Portman's grade from the NRA: \"A.\"\nCommit to memory.", "ISIS underwhelms recently. American retirees can stage a more deadly shooting. They must be jealous. That's why they claim him. But no, he is not theirs, he is one of ours...", "If we need a license to drive a car...\n\n...and we have prove we are law-abiding drivers before we can get a license...\n\nWhy is this too much to ask of people who want a gun?????????", "My friend and I are in a world Heritage Site in Mexico this week. At an event tonight the Mexican announcer spoke with tears about the gun carnage of innocents once again in the United States. She said let\u2019s hope the USA can pass sensible gun laws. Maybe Mexicans should help put up the wall to keep American gun crazies out of Mexico.  ", "What else is left to say?  This country is beyond fixing. I am sure that Wayne LaPierre and the president are sleeping soundly tonight.", "Terrorism by the NRA!!!  The vast majority of Americans want stronger gun controls.  When will those who enact the laws listen to citizens rather than NRA money and scare tactics about working against your re-election?  Cowards all!!  You couldn't even act when children in Connecticut were shredded by automatic weapons.\n\nI admire the Australians more and more with each act of gun violence in my country - they saw a wrong and said \"No more\"", "Congress will probably ban tall buildings before they outlaw assault weapons.", "\"An act of pure evil\"?! If what the gunman did is pure evil, what would you call what the NRA and the sold-out Republicans have been doing time and time again, all these years, enabling and arming all these psychos and terrorists?\n\nSHAME to the Republican party. They are all accomplishes to every mass shooting in this country. They have blood on their hands. ", "Hi everyone. Well. Business as usual..\"the worst shooting ever..\" blah blah blah.\nThe time for playing naive or sitting this one out,  is over.\nNobody cares. :( say it with me. NOBODY CARES.\nThis will change nothing.\ngun owners will buy more ammo..\" just in case\"\npeople will say they are scared..blah blah blah.\nPrayer chains.  Donations.  Politicians will blather.\nAnd we the people . We will comment in Times. Nothing to see here.\nBusiness as usual.\nI am ashamed to be human.", "We bow love in gratitude tote Times for extraordinary writing. People need to bow heads in prayer. To bow in prayer. To bow in gratitude. To bow for anything but to ext. The free world is led by King Tweet not Tut. We as a people must galvanize together to feel for Puerto Rico, Houston, Florida Mexico, Burma, Las Vegas. It is Hurricane Everyman & Everything as hurricanes rage within. This is a time for education, evaluation, --a cautionary zeitgeist of strategy & prophecy. Let us give back power to the people & to a new peoples' theater. Let us hear the unheard, see the unseen represented with expression not suppression, oppression & depression. A new world is here & should be met with a future theater arts.", "I turn on the news at lunch and what's the first thing I hear from Bill Bratton, former NYPD police commish? This murdering domestic terrorist was just \"a regular guy\" who \"snapped.\"\n\nYou don't have 20 guns in a hotel room and more in your home and miles of ammunition and get to be described as \"snapped.\"\n\nUnfortunately, in today's gun-saturated, wimpy \"I can't go anywhere without my gun because I'm afraid of my own shadow and have to look tough because the NRA told me to\" world, I guess you might just be a \"regular guy.\"\n\nEither way, as usual, this is on you, Congress. Cowards.", "if your culture is weaponry and their use expect casualties; lots of nut bars out there you can't put a lid on 99 percent of them, silencers are up for debate now, then you won't even see where the bullets come from. How can this even be entertained?", "The NRA here in America is in all ways more dangerous than the Taliban, ISIS or any Muslim terrorist group put together. We have more to fear from our own government and the NRA than any threat from the Middle East.", "According to the Times \"Since 1970, more Americans have died from guns (including suicides, murders and accidents) than the sum total of all the Americans who died in all the wars in American history, back to the American Revolution.\"\n\nWe have become a nation of paranoiac, deranged cowards who see on every corner imaginary mortal enemies that need to be fend off with all the fire-power we can get our hands on.\n\nApparently, those Americans that need to \"feel\" safe from these imaginary foes  need to protect the 2nd amendment at all costs because they need guns readily available for ANYONE to buy on a short notice. After all, you never know when the boogie-man will come knocking at your door. What with all the immigrants and hispanic dreamers and liberals coming to get you and kill you.\n\nNow, their argument goes,  if the by-product of normal, responsible, sane, law-abiding citizens owning guns, of the rest of us \"feeling\" safe from these mortal foes, is millions of our men, women, and children dead in less than 50 years, so be it. Small price to pay for feeling safe.\n\nWe have become a sad, mad country. God save America? God, and reason, abandoned us long ago. ", "Guns are the new slavery, they possess our national discourse 1/5 of the time, it's just hard for some to ever see themselves without one. ", "Sarah Huckabee Sanders comments on the slaughter-\n\n\"it was too soon to politicize a tragedy. Instead, she urged Americans to \u201cunite as a country.\u201d\n\n\"Yes Sarah, let's kick the can down the road until the next gun slaughter, and then we will  again wait \"because it's too soon\" to do anything  and we don't want to rile the NRA.", "Opposing the NRA & GOP on gun control is a matter of self defense.", "Disgusting? 477 days 521 mass shootings. How is it NOT political?\n\nhttps://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/02/opinion/editorials/mass-s...\u00aeion=span-abc-region&amp;WT.nav=span-abc-region#commentsContainer", "I propose that we repeal and replace the second amendment", "Sure is a good thing for this country to have an organization such as the NRA to ensure that a person like Paddock was able to have over a dozen weapons to \"defend\" himself against those thousands of innocent concertgoers 32 stories below him...Not!", "Many of the victums were very young adults, your child ready to go out into the world and get a job or go to college.  Then Horrific carnage and again we have done zero to ban guns in our society after another needless carnage.  To say to these parents we must grieve first is so insulting it is outrageous.  The only apeasement to a grieving parent is we must never let this happen again in the name of your unique child whom we have lost to this preventable crime.  \n\nTo those who say they are numb I say no!!! Enough is enough, do not vote for gun supporters and NRA legislators who take NRA contributions.  They have your childrens blood on their hands.  ", "Would it make everyone here feel better if the guy had used a vehicle like in the Nice, France attack that killed 84 people? https://www.cnbc.com/2016/07/14/truck-plows-into-crowd-in-nice-france-se...\n\n we cant prevent every tragedy.  Go ahead, scream more gun control instead of focusing on the real problem, our mental health epidemic.   Ive been a police officer for 16 years and I can tell you its getting worse every day.  Every day we are committing suicidal crazed people into hospitals and the hospitals juice them up with meds and kick them back out.  its an overrun, failed system.\n\nYou cannot ban your way out of violence.  You can try, but it wont work.    Why arent we banning / grounding aircraft post 9/11 since they were used to kill thousands?   Tens of thousands per year die from motor vehicles and we do nothing.   For those of you against evil assault weapon (ie:AR-15) ownership, every time you start talking your ban talk, you inadvertently cause more AR-15 rifles to be bought, often by folks who would never have bought one if not for the fear of government bans.  \n\n Laws dont stop criminals.   If they did, they why dont we have drug free streets?  After all, drugs like meth, heroin, and cocaine have been outlawed for decades.  So why is it that I could walk to a downtown street corner and buy them from some thug?\n\nBecause laws banning things DONT WORK. \n\nBut mental health reform will.", "Did you ever have the feeling God was trying to tell you something but you just wouldn't listen? Well She will just keep talking louder until we finally do.", "This is not just what domestic terrorism looks like, it's what government corruption looks like (the NRA and it's money and political threats have paralyzed legislators) and what depraved heart murder looks like (the normalization of extreme violence), and the disempowerment of ordinary people by preemption of local ordinances. ", "I am a gun owner and I support gun control. I first became a gun owner after being attacked, strangled, and raped by a stranger in my own home. I learned to shoot. I learned to use it for self defense. It helped me, during my healing, to have that extra sense of safety. \n\nBut no one needs an AR-15 or anything similar. No one needs the ability to stockpile guns. No one needs access to military grade weapons nor unlimited ammo. Not even the police. (I am the wife of a LEO) Most gun owners are not going to harm anyone. We are no more harmful than those of you who do not own any. Not all of us value these tools above human life and are equally as fed up with the vile NRA and fervent supporters who want to poo poo things like this. Please, realize, just because some of us own guns does not mean we support the radical groups who will try to justify these acts or blame it on something else.\n\nI am a responsible gun owner. I am for gun control. This isn't the wild west. Too many who do own guns are not using them responsibly and I support it being more difficult to get a hold of firearms. Am I for a complete ban? Will I hand over my gun? Let's put it this way: When it comes to my priorities in life: a country where my children are less likely to experience trauma such as this is way more important than the firearms in my safe. ", "Common denominator? Guns. Always guns. Is your child or beloved one's life worth the \"freedom\" of unfettered access to firearms designed to kill? ", "I'm sick to my stomach.  And so, so sad for the victims and their families. Again. I'm not afraid of terrorists coming into this country.  I'm afraid of our own people, armed to the tooth and not mentally balanced.  But the gun manufactures are making billions and our politicians are bought and paid for.  What a nice symbiotic relationship.  What a horrible stain on our country.  ", "Gut wrenching! Deepest sorrow for the many families affected by gun violence.\nTo fervently protect your rights to own any gun and unlimited ammo is to protect the cowards who commit murder or crimes.   No gun owner could have protected themselves at this event.  No gun owner should own military weapons.  Walk into a gun shop and they show you how to convert the semi-automatic weapon to fully automatic.\nChildren, men and women died and the NRA doubles down. Congress is too spineless to act and will wait for it to blow over.....again.\nIf we cannot take weapons of mass destruction from our own citizens, then how can we expect North Korea to give up theirs?\nShocking how insecure Americans are and feel the need to carry guns in public.  If you enjoy guns, join the Army and become a hero!\n\nI would like to commend those victims who reached out to a stranger to offer compassion, comfort and assistance and to the many who donated blood.  That is true human spirit and worth living for.", "He (the gun seller) described Mr. Paddock as seeming like \u201ca normal fellow, a normal guy \u2014 nothing out of the ordinary.\"\nApparently not.\n\n\u201cAs for what goes on in a person\u2019s mind, I couldn\u2019t tell you,\u201d Mr. Sullivan said. \u201cI know nothing about him personally.\u201d\nI just sold him guns.", "I know you are working hard on story, but it is time to fill in some gaps. Where in Southern California did he live? Which predecessor of Lockheed Martin did he work for - Lockheed or Martin Marietta? Where in Oregon was his father living and was apprehended?", "Civilians do not need slide fire devices. Even a crazy, untrained and demented person can inflict serious damage. many fewer people would have been killed if he hadn't been using it. These things need to be banned.", "This mad man was firing an automatic weapon. You can here that . He had other guns but the one he was using was the automatic. You can't just buy that gun easy. I am sure he bought it illegally. Most of the automatics floating around illegally are ak47 and they are not made here. They are Russian guns. It is also illegal to bring guns into this country but the guns get here. So a hundred laws have been broken before this Vegas madman got the gun. What good is new laws ", "How do you bring 20 rifles and other assorted guns through the lobby, into the elevator, and into your hotel room without anyone noticing? In duffle bags on the luggage cart? And you're 64 years old? ", "Why oh why does the press insist on naming this monster?y naming him he becomes the focus of the story instead of the focus being on the victims families. ", "Wow, this is one case which illustrates why gun laws are not going to solve much. Heroin is illegal - people buy it, drunk driving is illegal - people drink and drive, automatic rifles are illegal - people will buy them. The only question is affordability. You want a SAW, get $35,000 and drive to Mexico and you'll get one. Same goes for RPG, VAL, AKs, SCAR, Styer, FAL, and other banned and military grade weapons. All you need is the desire and the money. People say that strict gun laws fail in Chicago since you can get guns easily in Indiana. Same goes for banned weapons - you can get them from criminals or/and in Mexico (where guns are illegal but gangsters are shooting each other non-stop). Australia does not have immediate neighbors the US has. ", "The citizens of the U.S. need to repeal the Second Amendment. This is the root cause of the legal impediment to any sensible gun control legislation. We must face up to the fact that the Second Amendment is an anachronism. We no longer live in a frontier culture. We live in the 21st Century, and we need to acknowledge the fact that this provision in the Constitution does not any longer serve our purpose of ensuring domestic tranquility. On the contrary, it is obviously detrimental to peace, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. If people cannot attend a concert without being shot, you need to explain how the veneration of the 2nd Amendment is still warranted. ", "This terrible outrage and tragedy is different in one critical way -- and Caleb Keter, guitarist for the band playing -- speaks it clearly:\n\n\"\u201cI\u2019ve been a proponent of the 2nd amendment my entire life. Until the events of last night. I cannot express how wrong I was. We actually have members of our crew with [Concealed Handgun Licenses], and legal firearms on the bus,\u201d Keeter wrote. \u201cThey were useless.\u201d \n\n...\n\nWe need gun control RIGHT. NOW. My biggest regret is that I stubbornly didn\u2019t realize it until my brothers on the road and myself were threatened by it. We are unbelievably fortunate to not be among the number of victims killed or seriously wounded by this maniac.\"\n\nThe killer was shooting from a window 400 yards away.  Handguns were utterly useless.  Even a rifle, had somebody had one, would have been unlikely to do any good.  \n\nThis mass murder makes it obvious how stupid the standard pro-gun claim is: \"the only way to stop a bad man with a gun is a good man with one.\"   Nobody stopped this killer, not even the police.\n\nWe need to restrict semi-automatic weapons.  This will be politically very difficult to do, but no other western nation has our mass murder problem; and no other allows any and every angry person these dangerous guns.", "Americans do not have the mental health required to make our current gun rights sensible. It's a complete mismatch. Time for leaders to acknowledge the level of mental illness in our country, and stop taking a loosey-goosey stance on guns.", "How about if this congress would reinstate the assault weapons ban.  For God sake - assault weapons are for killing people.  It is hard to understand what is \" \"sporting\" about that.  ", "How can we be sure that the arsenal belongs to Paddock? Is there evidence showing that he bought and brought it to the hotel room? Why are two windows broken (photos show that two windows of the hotel are broken)? This seems to be too a well-planned and orchestrated criminal activity to be perpetrated by an insane person. How many people can think about this creative idea of mass killing? For this highly sophisticated criminal act to be performed, there should a very clear motive. Otherwise, this case would defy all kinds of human psychology. ", "It's sad to me, the fellow Americans I know who voted Republican..bc it's not just Trump you elected, it's all those who surround and support his ill informed paths to nowhere.", "This is no nightmare.  You just woke up and realized that this is what your country has become.  The question is what do you do now?  Blame, ignore, deflect, deny? Or demand sensible action.  Responsible gun owners are not the problem.  It is those that think gun ownership is an absolute right justified by paranoia. ", "Don't blame mental illness. This terrorist didn't have a history of mental illness. It's called a culture of violence, compounded by easy access to guns and NRA blood money for politicians. Self perpetuating. And it won't end until 1) we the voters stop voting for Republicsns, libertarians, independents or Democrats (mostly Republicsns) who don't support reasonable gun control 2) we the citizens stop accepting violence as a way of life and entertainment for our children. No more violent games, movies, fun parks, etc.  No more acceptance of brutality toward humans or non humans. Insist on compassion and empathy. Demand those \"pro life values\" in 2018 and 2020. \n\nWe have power. We just need to use it.", "How tragic? I have read comments of fellow Americans. In my humble opinion , as Mahatma Gandhi,today is his birthday, effectively used hunger strike to make the British take notice of their atrocities and change laws, a similar non-violent approach to stir the soul of the law makers is required. Make laws to  1. Ban automatic weapons 2. Impose 1000% duty on bullets; that makes the purchaser think hundred times before he/she buys it.", "  The ATF is useless in regulating these assault weapons.  It is their approval of bump stocks which makes it possible to have semi automatics fire almost at the rate as fully automatic.   Bump stock lets you fire 90 rounds in 10 seconds,full auto is 90 rounds in 7 seconds.  That is why one man could murder 53 and injure 527 in Las Vegas.   The ATF has failed in its mission.", "Security at this hotel must be abysmal. How does anyone manage to get one gun into the premises, never mind twenty ?.  Why are there no breakage sensors on the windows ( primarily for safety ) ?.", "I am still waiting for someone to tell me how this would be preventable without regulations on gun ownership.", "This will be the turning point.  The shooter targeted us, the nation, this time.  And the nation won't stand to be slaughtered like animals a second time.  Gun control is the future, and will arrive now.  ", "I didn\u2019t discuss the shooting with a single person today. Picking up coffee, all day at work; not one person brought it up. It\u2019s too frequent and we are ashamed.", "People are blaming the NRA, the Republicans, the conservatives, and any one else they can pinpoint this tragic occurrence on.  Let's put the blame where it rightly belongs and that is on the killer, Stephen Paddock.  He is the one responsible for the murders of 59 innocent people and over 500 others being injured some critically.  We should learn the motives behind this deadly attack and then we can start playing the blame game.  Let's let the facts come out first before we come to any false conclusions.", "Stephen Paddock, purchaser of guns, 1953 to Sept.30 2017 - ZERO body count.  Oct 1, 2017 - 59 body count, 527 injured. \n\nIf you purchase guns, specially without background checks, there will always be possibilities for a body count.", "It makes no sense for anybody to own a rapid fire weapon, other than a US soldier or perhaps a special force cop.\nI have heard republicans say they dont like their party's position on guns and some of them say guns should be controlled. They call democrats hypocrites while they are the hypocrites, if guns are controlled in a bipartisan way only the nra and its activists will complain, and the extreme right and extreme left, but expecting any action is a delusion.\nSympathies to the victim's families. Many of the victims were californian. California thankfully has strict gun laws,", "Lost in the sorrow of this tragedy is the fact the far greater tragedies that unfold everyday across the world receive far less journalistic attention.  A million or more innocent children die each year of preventable causes.  Violence on a much larger scale than what occurred today is perpetrated regularly in various places.  And yet none of this in announced in the large typeface that heralds today's horror in Nevada.  \n\nFew people are willing to consider truly alternatives, whether in journalism or other fields, especially if they are substantial departures from established practice.  But if we would like to see journalism that truly informs us, we need fundamental changes.  Reserve front page space and large typeface for regular updates on ongoing tragedies according to their proportion and their timescale.  As heartbreaking as today's events were, they are in truth quite small in comparison to Syria, Myanmar, AIDS, Malaria, inner city violence and much else.  ", "So where was the hotel security. The arsenal found in his room, how did it get up there. One trip, did the hotel asked to take his so many luggage up to his room snd he said no thanks. No red flags??\nHotel workers went into his room on more than one occasion, they never noticed anything unusual about his life style.\nI would reckon that the hotel management is in serious questioning mode by the FBI.\nNo gun laws would have stopped this person. Hotel security would have been the only line of defense.", "Why is it being assumed that this was a lone wolf gunman? Two adjacent rooms were booked. Paddock could have been killed and left as a decoy for the police, while the other shooter[s] escaped through the second room. I'm not saying I think that is what happened, but it is a plausible alternative theory.", "Before he was going to kill himself he wanted to throw our maligned culture right back in our faces, and that is precisely what he did. Who and what has destroyed our culture to the point that we have more of these occurrences than the rest of the world combined. Was he a veteran like Timothy McVeigh who learned to kill shooting soldiers he didn't know on the other side of the world, or was he angry about the nature of the attacks on 9/11 that have produced more questions than answers. By the scope of his willful carnage I believe he left the reason for his actions behind, so compelling that they may never even be made public. Scream about gun control all you want, then look at what we have become as a nation that has been systematically reduced by an outside malevolence, and understand it is this we need to change if our country is ever going to be a normal place again.", "If the majority of Americans favor tougher gun laws it shouldn't be impossible to vote politicians who disagree out of office. \n\nFor all reading this who don't bother voting: make this your issue, make this single issue your motivation to vote as an informed voter. Vote as if your life depended on it.", "It's been clear for years that no amount of horror will convince half of the US to give up their guns. We are powerless to stop this kind of thing until they see sense.", "Some would blame the 2nd Amendment for allowing a tragedy like this to happen.  This is misguided.  \n\nWhich \"well regulated militia\" does Stephen Paddock belong to?  How is his cache of arm \"being necessary to the security of a free state\"?  Those who would twist the meaning of 2nd Amendment to totally outside its original intention have blood on their hands.  \n\nIn fact it is contrary to its original intention. If a founding father was asked whether an armed enemy is a danger to a free state, he would very likely say yes. A deranged man with arms he can get today and an impulsive hatred to society is no less dangerous than a small army of that time.\n\nAsk politicians whether he or she believes that \"well regulated militia\" is an essential phrase in the 2nd Amendment.", "The majority of Americans are not gun owners, and yet we allow a minority of American gun enthusiasts to control the fate of a nation. According to the ATFE, there are a staggering number of guns in the U.S. \u2013 some 300 million; that\u2019s one gun for every man, woman and child in our country. And according to studies conducted by Harvard and Northwestern Universities, only 3% of Americans own half of all those guns! And less than a quarter of Americans own any guns at all and about half of those are gun hunters. And according to numerous surveys even the vast majority of gun owners actually support stronger gun laws. \n\nThe tail has been wagging the dog for way too long. We can no longer allow a very small minority of gun owners who oppose stronger gun laws to tie the hands of the majority of us who support them.  ", "You know how there are beats at newspapers and other media organizations, for things like business, sports, religion, entertainment, etc.? Why don't these organizations, including the NYTimes, create a beat on guns and gun violence, and how it is a daily occurrence in the U.S.? Seriously. Every few weeks/months, in the U.S., we have a mass shooting. Toddlers, according to the Washington Post, are increasingly having access to guns. The NRA gave Trump some $30 m for his election and is a major player in D.C. Congress is currently, incredibly, considering legislation loosening gun laws, including allowing silencers, which could have, theoretically, allowed more people to be killed in the Las Vegas shooting. After we experienced Newtown, where 5- and 6-year old children were massacred, and we did nothing -- why aren't we covering gun violence more closely and routinely in the U.S.? Currently, the NYTimes just waits for the next mass shooting. Why aren't they covering this on a day to day basis? Asking Congress every week what is going on with legislation? Reporting on the daily deaths in the U.S. due to gun violence? Comparing our stats to those of other developed nations, on a weekly/daily basis? I think a gun violence beat is as important to the average American/reader/media consumer as any other typical beat.", "OK, NRA and GOP need to stop the tap dancing. Guns can making crazy people crazier and are too easy for any bad guy to get.\nTime for NRA to begin backing reasonable gun control measures under safety of all GOP gov't.\nFace the reality NRA: how many killed Americans is enough for your profits to say it's time to back off. Your market is saturated.", "So he was what?  A 64 year old white man with issues?  Killing dozens to solve that, whatever \"it\" was?\n\nA young man with a long black coat with issues? Killing kids to solve that?\n\nPeople having issues with gays who open fire on nightclubs they weren't invited to?\n\nWe, the people, must stop this insanity.", "When someone who is black or Muslim kills msny people,  the question is \"Why do blacks/Muslims do things like this?\" or \"What has happened in the black/Muslim community that leads to such actions?\"\n\nWhen a white guy does it ... he is a lone wolf, a sick individual, some issue with the individual. \n\nSo which is it -- community circumstances or individual action?", "Not commenting now about the availability of automatic weapons - like the ability of a single person to have several automatic rifles with hundreds of rounds of ammo in a hotel room is obscene. Obscene. Sick. Twisted and stupid beyond description. If your version of the Constitution allows it...stuff it down the toilet. My version says it's about a militia protecting us from something....\nHow many must die because of stupidity?\nThe NRA and it's followers are officially and irrefutably guilty of murder and terror of the deranged. There is no reason for any American to own an automatic weapon. None. Gun lovers: YOU own this.\nIt is truly insane that this person was able and permitted to accumulate weapons of mass destruction. What will it take for this country to mature?\nWhy is a piece of metal and plastic more valuable than human lives? Why?", "Who cares about the individual's race, nationality or whether he was inspired by religion?\n\nAbolish the medieval Second Amendment and get the guns off the streets!", "Our government should develop a general response letter to all these shootings... something like \"Our thoughts and _______ (fill in the blank... sympathies are good... prays even better ) are with you at this time of need.\" Maybe Mike Pence could be in charge of drafting such a form letter with the help of Hallmark Cards.... ", "Let me play a Republican NRA. \u201cIf only someone in the concert had a concealed gun, he could have taken down the shooter.\u201d This is the kind of dumb excuse that this country has listened to over and over again and it simply does not measure up. A gun is device that is used to take a life out and it has no place in civilian lifestyle. Period.", "That \" second amendment person\" would have been a great fit for Trumps\n( continual ) campaigning.  Maybe he could be stuffed and mounted, and hauled around on the bus.     Too soon?????", "So, Paul Ryan:\n\nA shot at one of us is a shot at all of us, right? Let's hear it, big, big boy. You are outraged, right?\n\nOr is it just shots against lawmakers with Cadillac Health Insurance that angers you so?", "The solution? VOTE in the midterms for candidates who support gun control.", "Now is the time for a peaceful 100,000,000 person march on Washington. This Insanity must be stopped.", "This is why these mass shootings keep happening in the USA.  Please read and share, this is vitally important.  http://gunviolence.issuelab.net/resource/the-militarization-of-the-u-s-c...", "Oh ya, and this event is finally going to change gun laws. Good luck on this one. As Pogo said, \"We ave seen/met the enemy and the enemy is us\" Thank you Walt Kelly for such insight. ", "Until we fix the gaping hole in our nation's gun laws, we should stop allowing disaffected white men into the country, or at the very least we should stop selling them machine guns", "The stupid supreme court should overrule the dc opinion and we should follow australia's example.  Confiscate the guns.", "ISIS need not waste any effort creating terror in the US, the NRA provides more than enough and is happy to let ISIS claim responsibility. ", "There is no place you can run to, no safe place to hide, no weapon you can buy, or tactic you can learn to protect you from the NRA and the Republican Party.  You can only vote the people out, encourage others to do so and oppose every effort by by the gun lobby to stand in your safety.  ACT NOW!", "I can't keep up with the topsy turvy world of the president, so can someone just tell me if he has called this a terrorist attack or not? ", "Stop with the gun ban solution!  Guns are not allowed on the Las Vegas Strip.  Nothing......Nada.  Even concealed weapons permits holders issued by the State of Nevada are not allowed to have guns on the Strip.  So, what \"ban\" would you propose?  They don't work.  Law breakers are law breakers.  They laugh at your bans. Wow!", "CIA pilot and agent, angry over the way that the intelligence community has been discounted and treated?", "So, what are we going to do people? Wait for the next onslaught?  \"OUR\" elected politicians and officials after a tragedy gush about \"thoughts and prayers, grieve for the fallen, hold hands and cry, come together for our community, our faith in God, blah, blah so this never happens again\".  \n\nTime to RISE UP and DEMAND that any politician who wishes to be elected/re-elected has the audacity to challenge the NRA and the so called 2nd Amendment.   ", "Trump is pure evil to be parroting NRA meme: \"We don't want to create laws that don't stop tragedy.\"\n\nLaws against murder don't prevent all murder, but reduce the number of murders.  Does Trump recommend that murder be decriminalized?", "What can be said that hasn't been said before about these inexplicable tragedies? The more armed a citizenry the more deaths from arms.", "If American Politicians ever want to put the needs and safety of it's people above that of the agenda and profits of the NRA and the gun industry they currently answer to...here's an example of People before Profits, Safety against Fear and Security above Fatalities that they can look into and study , if they really care.\n\nhttps://www.vox.com/2015/8/27/9212725/australia-buyback \n\nSociety and People first...always.", "My family and I are Canadian. We live and work in Pennsylvania. How many more have to die or continue their lives maimed physically, mentally and emotionally from the gun debate? Why are you not able to regulate guns? Why are you allowing America to become \u2018ghettoized\u2019? What has become of a once proud and unified nation?  The threat is not outside your borders. You are at war with your own people and I fear for your safety, our safety. ", " One more American massacre brought to you by the NRA, Congress, and the Supreme Court.  We need to allow the CDC to freely collect and analyze all gun violence data and we need strict gun control laws.  Now.", "What we need now are silencers to make sure that, by the time the crowd realizes there is a shooting going on, hundreds, instead of tens, have died. Thank you, Congress, for working on legislation to ensure this!", " If Nevada wants  to remain the booze, gambling and guns mecca that it is, all windows  in commercial buildings should be made shatterproof by law. These people didn't have a chance because of high-powered weaponry. AK -47's and machine guns should be in the hands of the military and police only by law. A hand gun wouldn't have created this carnage. We must come to terms with this as a country. My heart goes out to the victims and their families, but things will not change until we put our citizens ahead of commerce and mass weaponry collections", "Thanks NRA, thanks for turning ordinary life in America into a Russian roulette of death whenever someone loses their senses for unknown reasons decides to invoke Armageddon. We need more mental health resources (this is on those folks who don't want to pay for it) and we need less guns so easily available (this is on you NRA). You have sold this idea that having everyone armed is going to protect us. Did it work here? Obviously not. It makes me wonder what the employees at the NRA do when one of these 'events' occurs? Do they have a swat team of PR folks to work the situation? My guess is yes. Wow! I want to see what that job description looks like. Bizarre that a private organization has such incredible power over this aspect of modern life, but we know nothing about how it works. That needs to end. ", "There is no place you can run to, nowhere to hide, no weapon you can buy, no tactic you can learn that can protect you from the insanity of the NRA and the Republican party.  You can only vote the people out and tell your friends to do the same.  You can oppose any actions by the gun lobby.  You can protest the gun stores in your community.  You can make any talk that does not involve gun controls uncomfortable for those who deny that unlimited gun ownership is the problem.", "Absolutely senseless...the only people who need these types of weapons are soldiers on the battlefield. As a citizen of Connecticut, who can never forget the children of Sandy Hook, the gun laws MUST change.\nMy deepest sympathies for the victims' families and loved ones....", "How can anyone with any sense of morality the right to bear arms, whatever it says in the constitution.  There are more guns than people in the USA", "The United States of America is easily one of the worst countries on Earth. What do those who call it the \"greatest nation on Earth\" see in this country? It's barbaric and cruel. ", "As an American living overseas, its hard to feel sympathy or outrage or shock any more when these massacres happen at home.  These dead are the price America pays for lax gun laws and a Congress too impotent and cynical to do anything other than offer platitudes to the victims today and take campaign donations from gun manufacturers and the NRA tomorrow.  \n\nInnocent people will continue to die and Americans will have to live in fear of the next senseless massacre until voters, politicians and the courts are willing to take a fresh look at the 2nd Amendment and its place in the modern world.   This is a uniquely self-inflicted American curse.     ", "Too many Americans love their guns more than they do their neighbours.\nThat's so very sad.", "Our hearts and prayers are with the victims and their families and friends, and with the City of Las Vegas.", "Senseless tragedy.\nSenseless gun laws where a madman was legally able to amass an arsenal.\nUnfortunately, it's makes sense that we will continue to see this kind of mayhem and carnage. What will it take to bring common sense to the NRA?\nIs there no decency?", "When I woke to the headline of this new horror, I breathed the same prayer that many did \"Please let the shooter not be ....\". We launch wars, close our doors to refugees, and militarize neighborhoods for acts like this when the perpetrator fits a profile that a political base can be rallied against. But if it is a seemly random act of a crazy person with a machine gun, our elected officials reassure us that it is \"not terrorism\", and pray for unity and divine guidance. We keep electing these people; we must like things the way they are. ", "\u201cPresident Trump condemned the shooting as an \u201cact of pure evil\u201d and called for the country to come together, saying, \u201cOur unity cannot be shattered by evil, our bonds cannot be broken by violence.\u201d\nAs usual, the Apprentice\u2019s word choice of \u2018evil\u2019 (profoundly immoral and malevolent) is ill used. Murderous and insanity are better choices and more accurate and of course, our bonds with sanity have been broken.\nAs we all know, Trump is ripping our culture apart daily.  ", "will the media companies refuse to run ads for the nra and give up a profitable revenue stream? they can't have it both ways and hope to marginalize them; the nra has to be destroyed or their influence has to be greatly diminished.", "One part of the article said the man had went to prison for bank robberies and escaped. Another part of the article says he had no criminal record. One story says 58 dead, another says 100. How did this man get all of these guns past security, detectors, camera, etc.? Something does not add up.", "Thanks to the NRA, the gun manufacturers and the gun shops that sold the Las Vegas shooter more than 40 assault rifles, sniper rifles, conversion kits and tens of thousands of rounds of ammunition, mostly in mega magazines, one man was able to kill and wound more Americans than are shot in Afghanistan or Iraq in a year. More shootings of this magnitude are going to quickly follow and they'll be in our own home towns. Unfortunately, ourselves and our families are likely to be the next victims of the NRA. ", "So terribly sad.  And what would the response of the NRA be: if everyone had a gun, they could defend themselves.  When will the NRA and rest of America begin thinking about gun control, especially automatic weapons?  When our founding fathers created the 2nd amendment, they had NO idea what an automatic weapon was or could be.  Time to change our definition of gun to exclude automatics.  ", "What's needed for some well-intentioned billionaire (Gates, Zuckerberg, Bloomberg? are you listening?) to form a group in support gun control. Call it the National Gun Control Association. Invite every American supporting gun control to join. Membership is free or give what you can. Crowdfunding for this group will go crazy after every shooting.\n\nThe goal is to raise money to outspend the NRA. Basically, buy the politicians back from the NRA. Also, organize demonstrations targeting NRA supporting politicians. Develop legislation that is for responsible gun control. Time to fight fire with fire. Or, more to the point, fight fire by returning fire. ", "Always follow the money. Why don't we ban guns? Because politicians are in bed with lobbyists who are paid off by pro-gun corporations like the NRA. Why? Because money. So the equation is: \n\nMoney for the few &gt; Life for the rest of us. \n\nWhat a sad equation we've invested in. ", "How does someone take an arsenal of weapons into a hotel room in Las Vegas?\nDidn't the hotel staff, especially room service or cleaning crew, see the weapons? Wasn't any suspicion aroused?\nWhat is the policy for taking weapons up into a Las Vegas hotel room?  Shouldn't room occupants be required to leave their guns for storage at the front desk?\nCan't police use smoke bombs to provide cover for crowds who are trying to hide or running away while being fired upon in situations like this?\nThe Las Vegas police did an excellent job in their response.", "Yes this is bad, but not as bad as the opioid epidemic unleashed by drugmakers. ", "I think every person should registered and have legal permission, mentally tested, criminal record checking to buy or have a weapon (make a classification)- seller also has to report who buy the weapon (ID, finger prints, buyer face picture should be reported to the government/ police departement) -Mental test,  criminal record should do by Police departement/ Psychologist\n\nSeriously controlled by government. every year they (who have a weapon) should make annual report and updated test. If it's not done, then it's an illegal and the weapon should taken by police departement.\n\nThis is not the only one evidence - if you remember (June, 2016 - Orlando). I think it's also not just Government/ Police Departement's duty to watch citizen's secure environment - every person should do the same responsibility.", "Big government is making the future look more bleak by the day for every American. The world is no longer looking to the US for hope. People snap. The US would become even more dreary if politicians began disarming us and putting military gear in the hands of the police. North Korea isn't that for from there. Politicians are comfortable destroying the country faster than ever before now that the 2nd Amendment is mostly disrespected and limited to the point that we the people can no longer defend the country. We are sitting ducks in a barrel. No wonder some people snap and begin shooting.", "We are our own worst enemies.  We terrorize ourselves with the amount and type of firearms that we have allowed in this country.  Politicians focus on law and order while the weapons of destruction are available to all.  This is insanity.The American dream becomes the American nightmare.  The rest of the world knows we are crazy.  I am embarrassed for our country again and again.", "I spend a few months a year in India. There, in every hotel at the front door, I see an x-ray scanner for all luggage, and bags, and a metal detector for the guests checking in for the first time. Every car entering a major building is checked by the parking attendant for any explosives.\n\nI didn't stay in a large hotel for a long time in the U.S.A. I wonder if similar precautions are taken at Los Vegas hotels etc. That would have prevented this evil soul from stocking arms and ammunition in his hotel room. ", "The GOP will resist any weapon regulation as a matter of course. So, unless Congress decides to do everything they can to curtail certain weapons and user rules, we will continue as usual.  We are asking politicians to put aside their self interests for the benefit of a frightened nation.  The paranoias\u2019 of the gun crowd must be squashed for everyone\u2019s safety. ", "It wasn't until 2008 that the Supreme Court ruled that the Second Amendment protects a PERSONAL right to keep and bear arms.  That's 219 years after enactment of the Bill of Rights.  In other words, the interpretation of that provision as a personal right is a recent thing, not an historical one.\n\nIn my view, there are two plausible interpretations of the Second Amendment re arms:\n\n1.  I have an unlimited, unfettered right to bear as many arms as I wish, of the types that existed in 1789.  That would mean muzzle-loaded, single-shot rifles, swords, cannons, etc.  \n\n2.  Relying on the theory that the purpose of the amendment is to protect me from government tyranny, I have an unfettered right to whatever arms the government has.  That would include nuclear weapons, aircraft carriers, tanks, fighter jets, etc.  \n\nObviously the second interpretation is absurd.  But so is every argument that would allow an individual to amass the arsenal this shooter had.", "Where are the doctors in this issue?  Gun deaths are the largest public health problem we have.  If any other disease reached this many people we would have declared an emergency situation and taken it on in force.  It is law that the CDC cannot do research on gun violence. In some states health care providers are not allowed, BY LAW, to ask about guns in the homes of children.  Doctors may be our last best hope to stand against congress and pass some kind of assault gun control.  ", "It is our choice: strict gun control or more and more of these unspeakable mass-slaughter incidents.  America: Choose your future.  The NRA or Everytown (Moms for Gun Sense).", "Blood on the NRAs hands.  Hold them accountable for this act of terrorism.  Just as we might hold certain countries or regions responsible for arming those we consider terrorist entities, so should we hold the NRA responsible for creating an environment of terror within the country by arming our citizens with scores of very dangerous weaponry.   They are responsible for the harm done by guns used in domestic violence and terrorist incidents like this to every single person in our country.  The NRA is the single most dastardly entity in this nation and the biggest danger to our society.  ", "The insidious evil upon us as a culture demands that our shame outweigh our greed. I am powerless to note further; that since one of Congress' own was shot in the head, and still NOTHING was done. Newtown , Aurora, Ft. hood...how much more blood...how much?", "I make the NRA responsible for this massacre.  If they promote through manipulating the ones with the obsession for fire guns, they have to be accountable for it.  \n\nWhat excuse are they going to have now? That this person was mentally ill...\nThen it shows that you all are mentally ill with licenses to sell and use guns.", "The argument that the right to own guns is a protection against (an authoritarian) government is absurd in today's America since, as many recent events have shown, even governments in small towns are so armed that anyone who thinks they can take on a government of any sort in the USA through armed conflict is an idiot. Thus, the role of the Second Amendment is today limited mainly to contexts of sport and to protecting oneself and one's family/house from some unwanted intruders. If that be so, does a civilian then need machine guns? How many more tragedies have to occur before wisdom does dawn on people?", "What does the NRA think now about gun control, or are they still sticking to their constitutional right  bear arms?", "In a nation born in the genocide of its native peoples and the brutality and murder of so many enslaved people, we should not be surprised at the continued violence we see regularly.  Until Americans admit these atrocities, nothing will change.  The continued ugliness of the words of this administration daring to call this atrocity merely evil rather than speaking the truth of gun violence in america is hurtful to us all.  This white man needs to called what he is - a terrorist - not merely evil.  Get rid of the guns NOW!", "There is something profoundly wrong when citizens perpetuate massacres against their own countrymen. ", "It must be noted that a CBS lawyer tweeted that the concert goers deserved to die because they were Republicans.\n\nhttps://www.washingtonpost.com/news/arts-and-entertainment/wp/2017/10/02...\n\nThis person was fired. But I think it shows how the left wing opposition feels about the ruling party.  ", "Seems like it's almost always white men doing the mass shootings. What would be happening if it were mostly African American men doing the shootings? I never see people of color at any 2nd Amendment rallies, flying Confederate flags, carrying assault rifles at protests. It's always white guys. White supremists and guns go hand in hand. Everyone always comes up with the excuse of \"I'm a law abiding citizen exercising my 2nd Amendment rights.\" Or to translate, \"I'm a white person protecting my white children from 'those people.'\"", "In a town full of imitators,\nfrom Elvis to NYC,\nPaddock just added another.\nHe imitated a \"militia\".\nThe basis of the second amendment is a \"well regulated militia\",\ntherefore his arsenal was based upon his membership in a militia.\nHeller was an horrific decision.\nFirst writing out the first clause of the 2nd amendment.\nSecond, not following original intent of framers.\nThe framers clearly limited the second amendment to flintlocks and muskets.\nNot MAC9's or Uzi's or AR's\nAntonin Scalia has more blood on his hands (you too Roberts, scAlito)", "In times like these, we try to find some silver lining in these tragedies.  We are rarely successful.  A positive here is that because the GOP's have been using all of their available time trying to take healthcare away from Americans, they didn't have time to pass the \"Hearing Protection Act\"  This is the bill from Senator Jeff Duncan (R), SC, that would make it much easier to purchase gun silencers.  Can you imagine how much worse this could've been if the victims at the festival didn't know which way to run because they couldn't hear the gun?  Perhaps, the IRA might be wise to demand the shooter's ears be examined for noise damage at his autopsy.  Proof that unsilenced guns are a danger to mass murderers would strengthen their case. \n\nThe White House tells us through Sarah Huckabee, (one of the few people in America with the same ethics standards as Trump), who said, \u201cThis isn't a time for us to go after individuals or organizations. I think that we can have those policy conversations, but today is not that day,\u201d  It kind of reminds you of  FDR in his \"a date that will live in infamy\" speech when he said, \u201cThis isn't a time for us to go after attacking countries. Today, we should only mourn the loss of lives at Pearl Harbor.\u201d", "No one seem to be talking about a key fact discussed by the police today:  The killer had 10! suitcases in his room.  A single male staying alone had 10 suitcases in the room!  I travel heavy--maybe 3 suitcases at times max, but 10!   Should have have been a tip-off to housekeeping? or is that normal in Vegas?", "I wish someone would explain why this is called the worst in our modern history, not just worst in our history.  Were there worst mass shootings before modern weapons?  Or do we just not want to debate if Wounded Knee was a mass shooting?", "It will be interesting to see how the NRA responds to this crisis, how their crisis spin doctors will find a way to yet again hide behind the patriotic litmus test of an absolutist second amendment. Hopefully though, this tragedy will be the last straw for the public, including gun-haters and lawful gun owners, the beginning of the end of the NRA's evil grip on our nation and its spineless politicians. How many more innocent people must die so that the profits of our gun manufacturers can be insured? How very sad that our nation's citizens have so far been too lazy and too apathetic to force our politicians to take down the NRA. The silver lining in this tragedy is that since so many people were killed and some 500 or more were injured that it is likely that the majority of Americans will be at most 2-3 degrees of separation from a victim of the Las Vegas massacre. May we all find the strength to shout, \"Enough is enough!\" at the gun manufacturers and the leadership of the NRA.", "What happened was horrible. So many innocent people killed and injured by a madman. Then you have some of the most disgusting political comments ever. It is clear to see why America is so divided. I blame the media and politicians who use every single disaster to inflame division instead of promote unity. Our President is Trump. He has done an amazing job in Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands. He has spoken to the county to unite us against these senseless acts of violence, to comfort and aid those stricken by so many powerful hurricanes. The hysteria of those who oppose our President, simply because he beat his party elite and a woman with no message, is not only disruptive, it is disgusting. I didn't like Obama, but he won, and as an American I supported him. It is time we all fall in line to support Trump. You don't like him, you can go to the polls like everyone else come next election.", "I am surprised how many people describe him as \"normal.\" It is not normal to buy three guns in a month. It is not normal to obtain AR-15-style weapons as a civilian. It is not normal for one man to travel with 10 suitcases. If you live in NYC, you know: \"If you see something, say something.\"  As Americans, we have to cultivate more common sense. \n\nAlso, his overly-cavalier brother describes him as \"not an avid gun guy at all.\" But he obviously owned guns, and was prone to compulsive behavior due to his gambling inclinations. This should be warning signs among friends and families. We have to look out for our brothers and sisters. I am my brother's keeper. I am my sister's keeper. It's the foundation of civilization. ", "Well, the GOP has milked and created the gun mania, dumbing down this public to the point that it doesn't know anymore whether its coming or going.  Don't feed me this 'moral equivalency' that Democratic actions have been simiarly defective: they have not been.  There is a moral bankruptcy guiding the GOP to 'power', culminating in the absurd presidency of DJ Trump.  \n\nThe US has become a hideous embarrassment under the constant preening of smaller-than-life leaders, even to the point of being able to thwart the positive leadership of Barack Obama.\n\nBut let's be clear: those dubious Republican people in Congress got there only because of one thing.  It took an absolutely, thoroughly dumbed-down electorate to make it happen.", "My heart aches for those who tragically lost their lives in this senseless calamity at the hands of a single person. I wish a speedy recovery to those who were injured. We need to stop and think. Every now and then, we have innocent lives lost under very similar circumstances. We grieve for a few days and we move on. But, for how long can we take this? Why can't we mobilize legal, social, and regulatory programs to work towards preventing these horrific incidents? Perhaps, we can not prevent them all. But, perhaps, we can reduce the incident rate. Why don't we study the crime rates in other countries and determine why they do not have similar incidents and why we have them? What contributes to it? We have a lot to learn. But, we have to change our mind set first. Truly, I can not imagine going through something like this again. I hope that our county will get together and say \"enough is enough\" to our legislators.", "To Georgi from NY:\nI'm sure that there are many responsible people in this nation who could be given the nuclear codes and who would not detonate nuclear bombs.  But I still don't want the average civilian to have access to nuclear codes.\n\nNor do I want the average civilian to have easy access to hand grenades and mortars and cannon.  Why?  Because if those weapons do get into the wrong hands, and that person who was responsible yesterday becomes a lunatic tomorrow, I do not want it to be easy for one person to slaughter dozens.\n\nYou and your friends could have the exact same good time if all those weapons that you have were owned by the gun range, and you checked them out to use and checked them back in before you left.  Why do you want those war-ready guns to be available to any jerk, any madman, any terrorist, or any kid?\n\nI'm really trying to understand where you are coming from, but I don't get it.\n\nTo me, it's like having my neighbor insist on keeping a Bengal tiger in his backyard and wanting everyone else in the country to own all the pet lions, tigers, and bears that they want.  Sure, some people are great animal trainers and can keep wild animals in line.  I still don't think that the average civilian should keep such dangerous wild animals at home.", "What a sad, sad thing.  Something like 600 people either killed or injured.  Most people have at least 100 friends and relatives.  So, over 60,000 people directly affected not to count the millions of us not related but affected.  I heard the news and then heard the comment from  Hayley Geftman-Gold, CBS's now-former vice president and senior counsel, say \u201cI\u2019m actually not even sympathetic bc [sic] country music fans often are Republican gun toters [sic].\u201d Wow, how cold and callous.  Is that what our country has become?  So bifurcated that we have such unabashed hatred for the other side to the point that we don't care if those from the other side die a meaningless death.  Heaven help us if that's true!", "Is it just me, but it seems like crazy white people with automatic weapons kill far more people than any immigrants from the countries Trump wants to ban (zero terrorist acts).", "And to think he had a license to fly a plane and in fact owned two.  Just the thought of another 9-11 makes me shiver. ", "The rights of a gun owner are more important than the life of any person killed  by a gun owner.  How DARE Hillary Clinton condemn the legality of silencers.  Think about it, the GOP doesn't care if anyone dies.  ", "I want to know how you get 20 rifles plus masses of ammunition into a hotel room without anyone - the desk clerk, the bellhops, the maids - noticing or caring.  Or because it's a gun-carrying state, no one cares?  It's just normal?  What madness.", "I hate guns but I understand hunters needing a long gun or a rancher needing a handgun to deal with a wild boar or rattlesnake. But there is no need for anyone to own a semi or automatic weapon. What is it going to take for the NRA, legislators, and  gun owners to admit that at least  those type of weapons should  not be allowed.", "Who needs an automatic weapon? Who needs over 30 long guns? No one, that's who.\nGun control NOW!", "A multi-millionaire with it all with an arsenal shooting his fellow Americans. This is what America looks like now. Other millionaires in the NRA  will prevent the millionaires in our Congress from dealing with it. \n\nWho there pulled out a pistol to defend themselves from a guy on the 32nd floor with a lethal arsenal. The SWAT team had to deal with him. But he got the arsenal up there to begin with with the obscene help of our Congress.", "Our son is a good and kindhearted individual with a severe mental illness.  He and we would be devastated if he were to do anything to hurt anyone, let alone so many.  Our hearts ache for those who passed and the families and friends they leave behind.  \n\nPlease help those with mental illnesses receive help and be protected from ever exacting so much harm.  All of us deserve better.  A well-armed militia that the founders envisioned does not mean every person in this country should be entitled to purchase multiple semi-automatics and loads of ammunition and have the ability to turn the semi-automatics into automatics.  \n\nProtect all of us by restricting firearms to those who are actually part of the military and police and those who want to check them out for legitimate hunting and target shooting.  Putting a firearm in hands of someone is who is mentally ill is just cruel.  You wouldn't demand that your blind 96 year old father have a license so that he could drive to the grocery store, and in so doing potentially drive his car into a toddler.  Why would you want my mentally ill son be able to purchase a firearm?\n\nGun control helps all of us.  Let's get this together.", "I don't believe the 2nd amendment can be construed to allow one man to buy enough ammo for an infantry company. Is it too much to ask for a nationwide database of ammo purchases so this kind of thing can be spotted in time?", "This. Is. Not. Complicated.\n\nAs a long-standing public health professional I can state with confidence that the solution to this problem has been known for decades. Eliminate the means by which this happens (ridiculously easy access to machine guns and related weapons of mass destruction) and you eliminate it at its source. Look at what Australia did in 1996 after a similar public health event. Like spraying mosquito breeding areas before they spread deadly disease.\n\nSo what to do? Each and every one of us needs to ask our representatives in Congress why we regulate restaurants, hospitals, the transportation industry and countless other things that determine the health of the public. And why we do not regulate the ability to own such arsenals of tragedy.", "Shucks. Bad timing. The House is poised to pass legislation legalizing the use of gun silencers as early as this week. This puts a crimp in the NRA's profits - for a while. No doubt silencers will be a necessary attachment no self respecting gun enthusiast can be without and will soon be widespread when this minor incident Mr. Paddock created is forgotten, you know, like Sandy Hook.\n\nLike Alice's Wonderland, this country is becoming curiouser and curiouser ", "Wait, I can hear it already:    Lone Wolf, insane,  mentally ill,  Nothing you can do about it, can stop what you cannot predict.  \n\nCompletely hopeless.   Congress will do nothing and the gun lobby will remind everyone it is their god give right to own a gun.  ", "There are more of us that are FOR GUN CONTROL. How about let\u2019s start now.", "another tragedy. another preventable tragedy. what else can really be said that hasn't been said already? no fancy words here. just please, please change the laws. ", "They are all \u201cresponsible gun owners\u201d...until they aren\u2019t. ", "Newtown, CT and now Las Vegas, when will the Republicans wake up and stand up to the NRA. Guess they will never as they plan to get rid of laws relating to gun silencers this week. \n\nCongress go talk to any sensible gun owner (he or she); along with millions of non gun owners and they all will say it\u2019s time to bring sensible laws in so we can protect our fellow brothers and sisters from domestic and international terrorist. \n\nWhen a person is killed by a gun shot, not only the soul of that person is lost but also a part of mother, a father, a brother, a sister, a wife, a child, a friend is lost. Wake up do something rather than hiding behind millions of lobbying money.", "There is no constitutional right to possession of firearms capable of slaughtering hundreds. Hunting, home protection, self-defence and the right to form a milita as a last pillar against tyranny- these are what are protected. Tyranny comes in many guises.", "BTW, I heard on the radio this morning that the stock prices of Smith and Wesson and Sturm Ruger (both major domestic firearms manufacturers) were up three or four percent in early trading today.\n\nI guess the old saying is true: \"There's no such thing as bad publicity.\"", "Trump should know a great deal about pure evil. He is one himself. And the result we see here is the totally expected result of his support for unlimited access to firearms. \n\nSomehow, when we can blame ISIS we call it terrorism. But we are reluctant in this case to do so. Let's call it what it is: NRA terrorism!\n\nAnd the NRA basically operates as the paid voice of the firearms industry. Pure greed--not the maintenance of a well-regulated militia--is what drives this evil, idiotic insistence on  promiscuous marketing and availability of firearms. ", "There are essentially two opposing view points on firearms.  One acknowledges that we need to attempt to fix the issues regarding gun ownership in America.  The other side throws their hands in the air, and states that nothing can be done.  They believe tragedies like these are the price to pay for unabashed weapon freedom. \n\nI know what side I am on, and it certainly isn't the latter. ", "President Trump calls this an \"act of pure evil.\"   Instead it is an \"act of pure insanity.\"   But of course, he will keep on supporting the NRA position that allows ANYONE to get an automatic weapon.  That is also insane.", "The second amendment is clear to me. It says that as a pre-condition for our right to \"keep and bear\" arms, one must be a member of a \"well-regulated militia.\" \n\nWe have it. It's called the National Guard. \n\nWere it up to me, that's the only way you could have a gun. And no, you could not take it home. ", "Ridiculous to hear our \"president\" quote scripture and use words he would have had to look up, if he were trying to understand his own statement. It's just ludicrous. We are in a mess here, and so many people are suffering. He didn't shoot anyone. He just doesn't see any roots to the animosity and terror out there. He is the wrong person for his auspicious office. He doesn't get it. ", "Let me get this straight. He amassed all these weapons and the ammo under entirely reasonable and legitimate 2nd Amendment concerns to protect himself against tyranny from the federal government, but THEN he went crazy and turned on this crowd? Got it! Now I understand how we came to Trump being president. We are too stupid for words.", "Build that wall! We need the technology to build a wall not between the US and Mexico, but between Americans and the \u201clone wolves\u201d who want to kill them. In all seriousness, instead of a vanity-wall, can we spend the money on town halls, national dialogue and a listening tour about extending pro-life activism to children, teenagers, adults and seniors? Can we begin to debate the right-to-life of the nearly 60 killed in Las Vegas against the \u201clone-wolf\u2019s\u201d right to an arsenal?", "Although I am all against the NRA and ordinary citizen's gun ownership in the U.S., I am not yet convinced that this violence was done by Paddock. Even the fact that weapons are found in his hotel room does not prove anything. Did he really commit suicide? If nothing extraordinary found in his home, and no clear motive is found, we lack evidence showing that he did it. How can we be sure that he did it? What if evidence was manipulated or planted  in one way or another? Things do not add up at all. ", "I second the reader from St. Barts who states if he hears one more politician say 'my thoughts and prayers are with the victims' he is going to shoot his radio and TV.   I have been feeling the same this year.\n\nAnd I applaud another reader who says when a plane crashes we investigate why it happened and fix it so it doesn't happen again, i.e., we just don't disregard plane crashes.  And that same reader says when there is a mass shooting we and government officials, like Trump today, say now is not the time to talk about this, thereby pushing the problem down the road.  That is one stupid way to think!!  And does no one any good.", "I read somewhere that mr bill oreilly stated that \"this is the price for freedom \"  never mind that ,my guess is ,he very much have a security details following him ; SUCH HYPOCRITE ,  I can understand you can own one gun for self defense but all this arsenal in this day and age  is not what the second amendment is there for\nVery  painful to see people losing their life  for something that could be fixed", "This is horrible. More casualties from the anachronistic second amendment. Similarly to what happened after the acoustic attacks that occurred against Americans on the island of Cuba, is our \"caring-for-human-life\" government going to warn Americans not to travel to Las Vegas?", "Speaking at the White House, President Trump condemned the shooting as an \u201cact of pure evil\u201d and called for the country to come together, saying, \u201cOur unity cannot be shattered by evil, our bonds cannot be broken by violence.\u201d\n\nNot to beat a dead horse, but I will.  \n\nDoes this Trump-quote sound like anything Trump would ever say?  If not, we have a very empty barrel as POTUS.  In no situation of any magnitude can he sound presidential and sound also like himself.\n\nHe has sold his right to do so, and we are all poorer for it.", "Now that there's an individual right to bear arms under DC v Heller, does it mean that one day the ACLU will fight for those who own personal nuclear missiles or grenade launchers? Where does the right to bear arms stop? What we need is leadership on a movement to outright repeal the Second Amendment much like the violence-inducing 18th Amendment was repealed. Whether it can happen today isn't the issue. It's the principled thing to do, and that will attract disaffected others and increase the potential to change finally the entire gun narrative. We're giving away our privacy worried about terrorists from afar while US-vs-US terrorism facilitated by easy access to deadly weapons exponentially kills more American citizens that ever died at sacred Ground Zero.  Someone, some group need to stand up against the carnage of 30,000 deaths per year due to proliferation of firearms.", "Yet another horrendous mass shooting in America, and Congress will do nothing, not a thing.\nPandora's box has been opened, and the evils of so many weapons in the hands of so many Americans can not be reversed. The weapons manufacturers contribute large sums of money to the NRA,that contribute large sums of money to our legislators.They are bought and paid for.\nStill,something about this story just doesn't \"sit well\". What was the motive?Why would a seemingly \"regular guy\" commit mass murder?\nStay tuned.", "The U.S. is awash in guns and I can't see those who feel the need to have them changing their mind any time soon.  Perhaps re-targeting some defense spending to mental health treatment will help reduce the carnage.", "As a native Nevadan, my heartfelt condolences go out to all those affected by this senseless and unthinkable tragedy. \n\nSadly, until a majority of those US citizens who are of voting age decide to take action and demand that their leaders in Congress take the epidemic of gun violence in this country seriously, these kinds of shootings will continue to happen. \n\nOur president wants us to unify. Why don\u2019t we unify around the idea that the less we speak up about gun violence to our elected officials, the more vulnerable we make ourselves, our communities, and our loved ones?", "How can  employees not see the armament in this mans room unless they never went in, Another kill for the NRA body count", "This man shot 600 people, 600...... what's your reply Congress and NRA?\nHow many massacres before our congress has a conscience? How many Congressman are in the pockets of the NRA? They say and preach to us how they are Christians. They are cowards. ", "Was he a member of the NRA?", "I hope this makes gun nuts feel a creeping shame; enough to support sane regulation.  Is that too much to ask of America?", "Another white male terrorist with pent up anger and access to too many guns.", "Some news reports called him a \"lone wolf\" and \"mentally deranged\" even before an investigation. If this was a Muslim, he would be a \"terrorist, probably influenced by ISIS\".\n\nHe is still being called \"gunman\" and \"shooter\". Why not \"terrorist\"? Why is the T-word reserved for Muslims? Sad!", "Wayne LaPierre - the blood soaking the grass and streets of Vegas is on YOUR hands. \n\nSure, you have many accomplices in the GOP and on our Supreme Court (the majority of whom can't read the plain English in our Second Amendment).\n\nBut YOU, Mr. Pierre, are the unrepentant and most vociferous leader of the parade for unrestricted gun rights taking complete precedence over human rights in America. And you should be thoroughly ashamed of yourself.\n\nNo amount of washing (or self-righteous speechifying) will remove all that blood from your hands. Your empire of firearms porno (and record industry profits) is built upon a towering foundation filled with the bloody bodies of tens of thousands of innocent Americans - with 59 more bodies just added to the pile.\n\nC'mon, America - let's fight to get our \"well-regulated militia\" back (and many of our police departments currently would not meet the minimum standards for that definition). We owe it to the victims of Vegas, Newtown, Aurora, Columbine - as well as to every unarmed black man gunned down by \"police\" in cold blood captured on video - with almost zero accountability.\n\nAnd we owe it to ourselves - before thousands more of us perish under the itchy trigger fingers of the \"Thin Blue Line\" - or the psychos with arsenals of assault weapons and delusions of grandeur.", "It's not Terrorism when it's a white male.  It's just the usual.   SAD.", "Check your state's politicians NRA voting grade here: https://www.nrapvf.org/grades/; vote against politicians who are in the pocket of the NRA: http://www.opensecrets.org/orgs/summary.php?id=D000000082", "Just play the audio track in the Senate and House chambers. Maybe that will get congress to stand up to the NRA. ", "\"How many days has it been\nSince I was born\nHow many days until I die\nDo I know any ways\nThat I can make you laugh\nOr do I only know how to make you cry\n\nWhen the baby looks around him\nIt's such a sight to see\nHe shares a simple secret\nWith the wise man\n\nHe's a stranger in a strange land\nJust a stranger in a strange land\nTell me why\nHe's a stranger in a strange land\nJust a stranger in a strange land\n\nHow many miles will it take\nTo see the sun\nAnd how many years until it's done\nKiss my confusion away in the night\nLay by side when the morning comes\n\nAnd the baby looks around him\nAnd shares his bed of hay\nWith the burrow in the palace of the king\n\nHe's a stranger in a strange land\nTell me why\nHe's a stranger in a strange land\nJust a stranger in a strange land\n\nWell, I don't exactly know\nWhat's going on in the world today\nDon't know what there is to say\nAbout the way the people are treating\nEach other, not like brothers\n\nLeaders take us far away from ecology\nWith mythology and astrology\nHas got some words to say\nAbout the way we live today\nWhy can't we learn to love each other\nIt's time to turn a new face\nTo the whole world wide human race\n\nStop the money chase\nLay back, relax\nGet back on the human track\nStop racing toward oblivion\nOh, such a sad, sad state we're in\nAnd that's a thing\n\nDo you recognize the bells of truth\nWhen you hear them ring\nWon't you stop and listen\nTo the children sing\nWon't you come on and sing it children\n\nHe's a stranger in a strange land\"\n\nLeon Russel", "When CAN we discuss gun control???   The clock is ticking down, towards the NEXT massacre.   The NRA and the GOP:  the twin pillars of gun deaths.  Thanks, boys.", "A day after the shooting at Pulse, Trump rushed to judgement,,, \u201cban all Muslims.\u201d\nA day after a white guy shoots up Las Vegas, the White House counsels \u201cthis is not the time to rush to judgement.\nThere lives two big unsolved issues for Americans, guns and race.", "Some people say: \"if you see something, say something...\"\nHow many people, right now; know someone who owns lots! lots! of guns! and lots of ammunitions but won't say anything...\nWith the stupid misconception of: \"They want to take our rights, Ohhh our 2nd Amendment is at risk...\"\nReally people? This country is infested with guns and chronically and obsessively ill.\nYour guns are going to be responsible for more massacres, murders and the end of this country.   ", "The IS claimed that they did the massacre in las Vegas. No, no need to have that terrorist group; it was US made, aka, NRA.", "Thank goodness the perp wasn't black, Hispanic, MEXICAN, Muslim, or any of the other loathsome groups. Perhaps NV can lead the way with gun control, or would that be too senseless? WHEN do we come to our senses?", "If this man were a 25-year-old Islamist... how would America have reacted?", "Why isn't the suspect's race mentioned in the first paragraph?\n It always is mentioned if the shooter is not white, so say it in the first paragraph because that's what people look for. ", "America. You're killing us. We may just be your neighbors to the North, but every bullet and every unnecessary death tears through our consciousness. Police brutality, prioritizing politics and the NRA over public safety, an insane president putting the world at risk. Its like watching a victim die before your eyes and being powerless to do anything about it. As your allies we're begging you to end the war against yourselves. Please do something. Before it's too late. ", "With all those guns and ammo around the room, they really mean what they say about Las Vegas discretion and hotel staffers not seeing anything.", "58/40,000 is about 0.1% or one in thousand.  Good chance for advertising the existence of God.", "First\nI join Dear Leader Don in extending my warmest\nwarmest\ncondolences to the victims of the Vegas shootings.\nAnd I cannot argue with lowering the flag to half mast to honor the innocent folks killed in the barrage of bullets. (and honoring the fallen heroes who defended our rights to gather and listen to country music).\nBut I am also outraged.\n4,000 gun deaths in Chicago.  Innocents.  No flags at half staff.\n93 gun deaths per day.  innocents.  No flags at half staff.\n7 kids or teens gunned down everyday.....no flags at half staff.\nreasonable gun control.....\nIf not now....\nwhen?", "All of this just makes me sick to the stomach. Innocent people shot by some man whom we not know what his cause was for killing. Even as a American, this is still terrorism. The thing that bothers me is that President Trump wants to call out Islamics and any other race for this type of behaviour and would rather send them out of the country. Would Trump call out \"American\" people for this incident or possibly more to come? You simply cannot call out a group and just claim that they are evil and should be removed immediately. This was a real shocker for me. All my respects to the lives who were lost during this concert and to the family members.", "He had access to as many guns as he wanted.\n\nWHY?", "The news has reported that no one noticed the guns in the shooter's room. Because of our absurd gun laws, it would have done no good. Assuming he has licences for his machine guns, Law enforcement would have been powerless because he hadn't shot anyone yet. \n\nWe are the dumbest country on earth. ", "If the mass shootings of 20 six and seven year olds did not deter the Congress to change gun laws, this shooting will surely not either....Sad but true about America and their love of guns.  Heck, the band members said that they had licenses to carry concealed weapons and they were armed, BUT....they were afraid to pull them out in fear THEY'D be shot accidentally by law enforcement!  So tell me, what good are the present gun laws if you, the gun owner, may be shot by law enforcement?  Smh.", "Can someone tell this Canadian which 'well regulated militia' the shooter belonged to and which regulations was he following?", "Since these mass shootings of innocent Americans citizens by other inexplicably heavily-armed American citizens for no particularly good reason show no sign of waning,  I emailed Rep. Steve Scalise today as follows:  \"You did not deserve to get shot.  Neither did the innocent victims in Las Vegas today.  You received the finest health care available and have now returned to work for the American people.  Please join with Gabby Giffords and work to make sure that these shooting victims who paid for your medical care with their taxes have access to affordable medical care of the same quality you received so they can heal and return to their lives as well.\"   I can't wait for that joint press conference.    ", "well while the las vegas officials pat themselves on the back on how well their first responders did they should carefully look at how stupid nevada gun laws are and make some changes so they don't have to go through this again. they are way too lax only making it very easy for this to happen.\n\nthere's no need to own anything more than a shotgun and a .30-06 rifle for hunting. assault rifles with large clip capacity? give me a break.\n\nif a way can be figured out to delegitimize the nra real progress could be made in getting the most dangerous guns out of the system. prevent them from lobbying and revoke their non-profit status...have to get creative here.", "How many lives are worth being able to carry your gun around? 10? 20? 59? The answer is zero. Stop this madness. ", "Chicago averages around 600 gun deaths per year.  Every year. Where is the progressive virtue signaling there?", "Still waiting to hear what happened between 10:08 pm when the first calls came in and shortly before midnight when the police reported suspect is down. ", "Trying to grasp any semblance of this heinous act of cowardice, I am feeling shook to my core by this  insanity and what appears to be a pre-meditated and cold-blooded attack upon innocent people. To ask \"Why?\" a person would decide to act out and create mayhem on such a level points all of us into many different directions simultaneously. \n\nThe count of rifles (&gt;20) and automatic weaponry plus tripods to permit precise targeting and firing speaks to a very disturbed individual As one reader pointed out earlier, imagine what would have been the carnage if the shooter had silencers on these weapons. \n\nDespite what Las  Vegas law enforcement and DHS personnel may be stating to the public, this was an act of domestic terrorism: Same as bombings in London outside a concert, same as van careening into crowds of people in Barcelona and Nice, same as self-detonation of bombs in Brussels airport. POTUS Trump is quick to point fingers at \"THEM\" - immigrants, Muslims, and Islamist extremists. No different than cowardly & heinous displays from neo-Nazis and White Supremacists in Charlottesville.\n\nWhat happened in Las Vegas occurred from actions of an older white male, US citizen. Looking back, attacks upon US citizens and communities seem to originate by preponderance of WHITE AMERICANS, all of twisted minds and hate with access to arsenals of high power weaponry whose objective is to kill ruthlessly and efficiently. The NRA, lobbyists, and Congress refuse to address the issue. Why?", "Gun culture is sick symptom of corporate tyranny. People compensate for their insecurities and fears by arming themselves to the teeth taking it out on others.", "We can't have gun control because the arms manufacturers, part of the Koch Brothers cabal, don't want it. They are about their own profits. Which party do these monsters support with their oversize political contributions? The Republicans mostly. This country has become an oligarchy, not a democracy. Yet Republicans I know never seem to understand that their votes for members of this party allow atrocities like this to happen.", "People world over have suffered through terrorism, as a tribute to these  ill fated victims, False Flag acts must stop. \n\nRemember Man proposes, God disposes always. Follow rules.", "Another shooting, another day of sadness.", "Keeping the casino open was in very bad taste.", "What's concerning is the fact that 2 days ago (by NRA standards) this man was a \"responsible gun owner\".", "If our elected politicians won't aggressively challenge the NRA and their never ending greed for profit from gun and ammo sales, then the people must confront the NRA directly. If Wayne LaPierre has to hide and begin to fear for his life, then so be it.  ", "I'm sure Alex Jones is already saying this didn't happen, it isn't real, no one died, \"those dead people never existed\". In a matter of days, there will be death threats against the spouses, siblings, partners, parents, and friends of those who died\u2014because they dared to speak out about their murdered loved ones.  Because they dared to bury their children,", "Lets hope and ptay that he was not a Patcy for several gunmen. It just don't  figure. Even on TV it seemed more like several guns going off at once.", "More guns. I think what we need are more guns and more gun liberty. Because of course Nevada, like other states, does not require a permit to buy a gun, permits liberty-lovin' 2nd Amendmenters to buy assault weapons, machine guns, silencers and large-capacity magazines. After all, how does a person bring \"a small arsenal\" of seventeen guns, silencers and ammunition into a hotel, except thanks to our liberties? Surely, this kind of weaponry is sorely needed to overcome and kill deer and rabbits and whatnot. If only we had more guns, the folks at the concert could have been packing heat and could have shot back in the general direction of the 32nd floor hotel room that the latest lone wolf was holed up in. More guns, more guns to put us out of our collective misery. (Oh yeah, and more divisiveness and name-calling by the narcissist-in-chief and his enablers.)", "It's madness that people can just buy guns in this country. ", " Well, we all knew this was going to get this bad, didn't we? This is what happens when the rules are warped to protect those who want to get rich off of the fears of others. Americans don't mind others owning guns for self-protection or hunting. But the only purpose of an automatic or sem-automatic is TO KILL HUMAN BEINGS.  The NRA has bought all our politicians so they can provide semi-autos & autos to those who believe in a coming race-war, the survivalists and those who just simply want to kill others.  They've poured money into fighting legislation against background checks & into promoting sales of these weapons. THERE IS NO GOOD REASON for what the NRA & the government of this country has done except for GREED. Since when did asking for someone to prove they are mentally stable become an infringement on someone's rights? Never. We put mentally ill people in institutions all the time - and yet we have laws that allow us to give them guns?! This is heinous. This has gone on for too long and everyone who was paying attention knew this was going to happen.  All these men being astounded that they couldn't do anything to protect themselves or their loved ones just amazes me.  You can't have a firefight with someone shooting an automatic or a semi-automatic at you.  The idea is ludicrous.  And all these tough guys & ignorant Repubs who decided that the best way to respond to violence with badder, bigger & more weapons just killed those people w/their greed & foolishness.", "His father was on the \"top ten list\" not him. He, was a \"model\" deranged domestic terrorist with no criminal history. ", "I'm pretty sure that 20 automatic assault rifles being used to murder fellow countrymen and women FOR NO REASON WHATSOEVER was not what the founders of this nation had in mind when the 2nd amendment was written. This is domestic terrorism plain and simple, and the NRA is partly to blame.", "Since there is such resistance to controlling guns we should start controlling and limiting access to different munitions .Limiting number of rounds you can possess and for some rounds they could be located at gun ranges only.A buy back and stiff penalties for possession.Maybe a tax to cover the damages incurred by their use would help keep people from stockpiling.The average hunter should have no problem with this since it should not impact them.In the end there is just no practical need for a gun except for hunting and we cannot trust the average citizen not to go postal at some point.Odds are we do nothing.", "Shooter's rights trump public safety every time this happens. ", "The dead children of Sandy Hook did not stir us to do anything about gun violence in America.  This new record will not change anything either.  The NRA has too many of our politicians in their pocket.  All they can do is offer their meaningless condolences.  This will change only when we, as citizens have had enough.  If not, I suspect things will get worse.  The next gunman has to top this new record for mass killings and injuries.  Maybe the next one will kill 100 people and injure 1,000?  When do we say enough is enough?", "Now is the time for all enlightened men to come to the aid of humanity. Now is the time for light workers amidst those who call themselves playwrights to take up pens not guns & write.  replace the show which is Reality TV America led by King Tweet.", "For those who say \"guns don't kill people, people do\" please look at what happened in Australia in 1997.  I realize this country will likely never copy Australia's eminently sane behavior and that at the logistics and politics would be difficult, but it comes down to the availability of rifles, especially assault weapons.  When they are not available or hard to get, mass murder is much less likely. \n\nMight the Founding Fathers have chosen to be clearer and more circumspect in defining the terms of the Second Amendment, especially regarding what constitutes a \"well-regulated militia\" if they could see the number of U.S. citizens killed by automatic weapons?  \n\nYou have to know this country will see many more dead.  Only in this country do murderers have such means to murder.", "I felt so astounded and sorrowful when I read this news in the morning. I simply talked about this mass shootings with my roommate and asked how did he feel about this in the afternoon. He lightly replied me that people die everyday. I was surprised by his indifference, however, he asked me straightforwardly what he could do; And I was totally stunned. It seems nothing has bee done even though we usually spend tons of time blaming for the government and the NRA and press for gun control whenever mass shootings occurred, actually we are doing nothing. Like someone says that after weeks we\u2019ll only be waiting yet another shooting. At least 59 were killed and more than half of thousand were wounded, I hope these bloody data will remind the government of another couples of thousand people who are friends, relatives to the victims are in incredible agony when they hesitate to restrict the gun policy. Otherwise, the data would be just date\u2014the deaths and suffering of the victims just become meaningless. God bless America!", "Personally, don't have any interest in the condolences from the enablers.  Those\ninclude Trump, Pence, Paul Ryan, Mitch McConnell, the Republicans in Congress\nand even some of the Democrats.  Also the N.R,A.  Talk about evil.  If it was up to all of them, everyone would be walking around with a gun.  Once again, we see what happens.  ", "If the sensible gun control legislation offered by Democrats and President Obama in the aftermath of Sandy Hook and Gabby Giffords had been passed, perhaps this could have been prevented...we'll never know.  When will people wake up and realize that the intentional misreading of the 2nd Amendment is orchestrated by the gun manufacturers and their front group, the NRA.  Protecting your home and assembling an arsenal are not the same.", "In America - the gun problem will never change. It has amassed a political contingent to support it and more importantly - those are metal objects... they will be recycled into the motives of whoever has them.", "The republican right and their comrades in arms, like the NRA, may be having the effect they want, or may be not:  I have already curtailed my travels to states with loose gun laws.  I've already eliminated as retirement options states with loose environmental regulations.   I eschew anything and anyplace associated with the Trump brand (including Moscow).  \n\nAs a result of all these changes, I have become inspired to do something that has become extremely meaningful and important to me:  Resist.  To save our country; to save our countrymen and women; to save our democracy.", "A few years ago we had Sandy Hook, then Orlando,then the gay bar in California. When are we as Americans going to say we have had enough? Trump is getting ready to sign into law a provision allowing people to buy silencers and armor piercing bullets. What will it take?", "time for extreme vetting where guns are concerned", "What's one thing got to do with the other? ", "Our President speaks to the nation--not.\nEven in addressing this completely preventable catastrophe, the President speaks only to his base, using evangelical phrases like \"pure evil\".\nIf this was an act of pure evil, then firearms are the pitchfork of the devil.", "\"The right to bear arms\" is not a complete sentence.  ", "Boycott Nevada till they pass gun control laws. They have none. Money talks.", "We may never get an answer to why, but we do know how.\nGuns, guns, guns.\nPrayer is beautiful, but action is prayer in motion.\nThe old question: what's the definition of insanity?\nDoing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result.\nWe don't know if the gunman was mentally ill, but we do know THIS is INSANITY.\nNRA: Wake up.", "The government is selling us out to this carnage. There is no other option except revolt.", "And todays stock market went way up on this news. I guess more money will be made off all those health care costs and more gun sales. ", "In all seriousness, can we the people confront the NRA legally for inciting and provoking domestic terrorism? And who on Capitol Hill who stands behind the cruelly misinterpreted 2nd amendment, can say they are establishing justice and promoting domestic tranquility.", "Mr President - what say you...\n\n140 characters should be more than enough...\n\nNot on empty blather - on fixing this mess...\n\nWe've been at war with ourselves - for a couple of decades, now...\n\nAnd we're losing - bigly...", "Words cannot describe the soup of feelings and emotions I am experiencing. Just seeing the carnage and destruction inflicted that innocent night shatters my heart. The agonizing screams as bullets careen and scream through the air, mowing down everything it can touch. In just a matter of seconds, a concert turned into a hellish scene of people trampling over each other futilely trying to escape from this lunatic. No citizen should have the rights or privileges to wield any type of automatic weapon at all costs. The only citizen to bare such arms are soldiers. This, my friends, is the arrogance of mankind at it's finest.", "ISIS should start claiming Trumps mean tweets, if they are going to claim every one shooting people, or being mean to others as their influence.", "If it turns out he did this because of gambling debts, will progressives call for closing all the casinos?", "I would ask what kind of medications was he on....don't many of those new medications offered now have suicidal tendencies as a possible side-effects. Suicide/murder....?", "I would like to know just how Paddock managed to sneak 20 large guns up to his room and set up two shooting stations in that room without arousing suspicion.  Boggles the mind.", "1st of all:'two on tripods at the windows' bipods not tripods! To the masses from my side (liberals) of the aisle. Fully automatic weapons have been against the law since the 1934 National Firearms Act that ban all fully automatic weapons. Since then, you have to go through a serious ATF background search, pay a federal tax stamp, and get the OK from your local law enforcement chief or sheriff, etc. The media keeps talking about it was legal until 1986, that's a falsehood or half truth. In 1986 no further manufactured fully automatic weapons were to be made for public purchase. Also, you can't convert a semi-auto AR-15 to a fully automatic M-16. To go full auto it require's a different trigger, hammer, sear, disconnector, and bolt carrier. Not easy for almost anyone to fabricate. For about $25,000 you could buy a pre-'86 fully automatic weapon, but only after you get the OK from the Fed's, local/state police, and pay the federal tax stamp. There's a few devices that can fire almost as fast as full auto, but they jam and this loonies gun didn't sound like it jammed, though he had a line-up to choose from. From listening to the audio, I'm 100% certain he was firing illegal fully automatic weapons. In many decades, there's only been 3 crimes committed with pre-1934 banned fully automatic weapons. The easiest to convert are open bolt Mac-10 type weapons. So, why if he had a automatic weapon need any other guns? Maybe because altered guns are likely to break down during use.  ", "Trump was able to refrain from making \u201cboth sides\u201d comments about this terrible act. ", "So we are again at the mercy of gun owners with no previous criminal history who can be \"set off\" by any personal circumstance.  I would love to change our culture to be one in which gun owners value all lives (not only their own).  Until they have a crisis of faith in their gods (AR-15, Glock, etc.) the only thing we can do it to work harder to remove the weapons of mass destruction from their hands.  \n\nIf this man had been sent by a foreign state, we would go to war.  I am personally ready to go to war with our domestic terrorists and those who advocate for them at the national and state level in order to protect our citizens.\n\nIf he had had a knife, the death toll would be 5 instead of 50.  If he had had a silencer, the death toll could easily be 500 or more.  \n\nThe NRA and our neighbors who support them have blood on their hands -- our children's blood.  I am tired of listening to them whine about their rights to kill the rest of us at will. \n\nThis will soon be forgotten along with the poor innocent first graders at Sandy Hook and the thousands of innocent poor, children in \"bad\" neighborhoods who are killed by handguns stolen from the suburbs every day.  Why do we need ISIS when we have the NRA?  Nothing will make these people stand down except a mass movement.", "The Republican party is a wholly owned subsidiary of the NRA, and currently controls the federal government, 34 governorships, and 33 state legislatures. Tragedies like this are apparently acceptable to Republican voters; they keep voting for them. ", "Seems like a lot of letter writers want to call this \"terrorism\" and want to claim that reluctance to do so is because the shooter was a white male. If every mass murderer is a terrorist, then what do we call someone who is politically or religiously motivated to commit mass murder? A \"politically motivated terrorist\"? Seems redundant to me. Best to call a mass murderer a mass murderer unless there is a political or religious motive, then call it terrorist. I think some people want to confuse the meanings because it suits their politics. ", "To those calling this terrorism, name the group he is affiliated with, and what the political aim was?  Y'all don't get to change the definition of words.", "I would like to know what the NRA and the gun lobby going to say about Las Vegas. It didn't matter how many \"good guys\" with guns were there, they couldn't stop the bad guy. The NRA should stop promoting guns everywhere  and hand their heads in shame. ", "As a country, we have to ask ourselves a simple question...\n\nIs it more realistic to try to profile and predict the homicidal behavior of a few needles in a 320 million deep hay stack...OR enact common sense gun laws that close the many loopholes that allow some of those \u201cneedles\u201d to commit mass murder in our cities and neighborhoods. \n\nAs a gun owner, as an American, as a human being, are you willing to sacrifice a small amount of \u201cfreedom\u201d to save potentially hundreds of lives a year? \n\nI mean, you give up a lot of freedom and privacy just to be able to use your mobile device to give you directions, check your email and share your location with friends.......so how can you, in turn, not justify a similar concession of \u201cfreedom\u201d and privacy to save your neighbors, friends and family members from a horrific death or injury? ", "Oh sure gun control laws would have stopped this. That's exactly why Chicago Illinois have the strictest anti-gun laws in the United States yet it's the gun murder capital of the world. You take away the guns from the good guys and only the bad guys have guns. So tell me more how global warming is making the world go crazy.", "Yes, we're shocked and horrified. It will be \"above the fold\" front page news for a few days and then it will fade away as has Sandy Hook, Virginia Tech, Orlando, San Bernardino and so on. Until the next one and the next one. \n\nTell me NRA; when someone is shooting down at you from the 32nd floor, just how would having a gun on them have helped any of the concertgoers here? When will we have finally had enough of this madness and do something concrete? Why would anyone have \"needed\" to own 20 or more guns?", "At his inauguration, President Trump declared, \"This American carnage stops right here\" - can he gave us an update on his progress?", "When the president got to the part of today's speech, regarding \"Scripture\".... I had to turn him off because I don't believe that he's ever read the Bible and he didn't write that speech, nor does he really care about anyone but himself. \n\nThis is a man that bragged he could shoot someone in the middle of 5th Avenue and nothing would happen. He has absolutely NO credibility as far as I'm concerned.", "Not everyone who goes to a country western concert is conservative; I like country, and like to dance to it, and for the most part I am liberal. On my way home after work I was thinking that full auto AR15s and banana clips are not for Elk hunting, they're for killing people. The NRA and most conservatives do not want ANY gun restrictions. I want to know how THEY intend to stop the ever escalating carnage? If their answer is to oppose restrictions on weapons that are designed for killing people, then I guess my sympathy for them is tempered. I mean, if you're in a gang it's hard to feel sorry for you when you're killed as a result of gang violence.\nTougher sentencing? Too late; most of these guys kill themselves or are killed shooting it out with the cops.\nSo, I want to hear the conservatives answer to this problem. If you live by the sword, don't expect sympathy from me when you die by the sword.  ", "The other issue we face is the constant barrage of hyper-masculine images we consume in our movies, tv, games, etc... that is then layered by our insane lack of gun regulation.  We do our sons a grave disservice raising them in a society to value violence & brawn over being innovators, explorers, education & men who respect women.  We are sick nation.", "Mass killers are generally classified as either terrorists or psychopaths.  Here, law enforcement has deemed the shooter a psychopath.  Psychopaths have chronic mental diseases.  This guy was an accountant who surprised those he knew with his actions.  There is no evidence that he has been psychotic for many years.  In fact, the opposite appears to be the case.  In this connection, he's got a clean record and there is no evidence that he was \"off\".  \n\nClearly this guy had two purposes -- the mass killing and his suicide.  If he were a football player, we'd read that he probably had CTE.  Football players aren't the only ones with brain injuries, so that is a possibility.  Hopelessness goes hand in hand with suicide.  Huge gambling debts or disappointment in love are common causes of hopelessness.  And once a person has decided to commit suicide, who knows what else they might do.  So the theory that the gunman is psychotic is entirely speculative..  Hopefully, investigators will not assume what they do not know, and will approach this case with an open mind.", "After Sandy Hook, efforts to pass Assault Weapons Ban of 2013 (AWB 2013) failed in the Senate  by a vote of 40 to 60... by the usual suspects tweeting \"thoughts and prayers\" today.\n\nIf Obama and Biden couldn't get this passed after kindergartners and 1st graders (My GOD!) were killed, I don't hold out much hope today's terrorist attack will move the Representatives/Senators to action.\n\nI don't understand how our elected officials can look at themselves in the mirror. When will our safety be more important than their jobs?\n\nCould this possibly be their worst case:  Stand up to the NRA and vote for common-sense gun control (background checks! ban assault weapons! close gun-show loopholes!) and lose the next election?\n\nSeems like an easy decision to me.  For shame!!\n\nI am so very, very sorry for those who lost people to senseless gun violence. ", "Maybe our child president will now realize how inappropriate it is to criticize other countries in time of crisis.", "Exceptional reporting but we need more. It's now a given that Paddock's act was premeditated perhaps even a year in advance.\n\nWe need some more public details to try and determine his motive apart from the investigators sanitized stories now and to come. We need to know his political persuasions and activities. There has been much angst in the citizenry along those lines.\n\nWho were his grudges. Were the Concert attendees from all around the nation, or largely from neighboring California from where many people spend time in Las Vegas?\n\nWhy did he select a town named \"Mesquite\" to move to from another town named \"Mesquite\" in Texas? The event was unlikely to be coincidence.\n\nWas he deeply in Debt from his gambling and was he living under threat?\n\nHow did he manage to retain a room so high and within visual line of sight with the Concert crowd? Was he a regular at the Hotel and Casino?\n\nWhat media was he accustomed to viewing? Please take me seriously on this. I have known people to become seduced by it and had become addicted, enraged, and hateful. The visual sense ingrains permanent memories and it is very stimulating.\n\nPlease indulge your readers with this information if you find it. Thank you.", "50+ dead is a tragedy indeed.  Gun control might help.\n\nMeanwhile, in just the past 24 hour period, five times as many Americans have died thanks to alcohol.  250 -- not wounded or sickened -- dead.  The same 250 will die tomorrow.  And the next day, 250 more.  Yet every adult in America can make unregulated purchase of unlimited quantities of this deadly poison, at will.  And in shocking contrast to the cacophonous howling for gun control, nobody says a word.\n\nWake up, America.  If you really cared about body counts and not just trendy, party-line-slogan issues, you would work to stop the violence, addiction and carnage caused in this country every day by freely available, unlimited alcohol.", "What a terrible tragedy.\n\nStill, I can't help but wonder the extent to which relaxing gun laws; glorifying violence on our screens; claiming religious piety while goading North Korea into nuclear war and denying our mothers, sisters, and daughters autonomy over their own bodies; crippling regulatory oversight by intentionally under-staffing government agencies; all while making vulnerable people in this country suffer more, by actively working to deny them healthcare; increasing the tax burden on the middle class; emboldening profit-motivated corporations via systemic deregulation; demonizing immigrants and LGBTQ; subjecting African Americans to police brutality; lambasting Puerto Ricans on Twitter while they recover from a hurricane; and picking fights with NFL and NBA players who exercise their 1st Amendment rights in peaceful ways ... I wonder if all that didn't play even a small part in making this sick individual just a little more angry, desperate, depressed, and ultimately, violent?\n\nStatisticians call this \"confounding\" -- to conclude only from the observed data that this individual must be sick or mentally ill.  There's a context here (and an interaction) that also needs consideration.", "And so many think we are the greatest country in the world. America gotta look in the mirror and search its soul. ", "Everytime this happens the media gives it more and more attention letting the next person know that they will be remembered, they will get their fame, and above all show the world what they can do. All media outlets including the nyt should report on it and move on instead of allowing it to devour multiple news cycles and stop the constant analysis of the gunman or their motives because it just makes it worse. ", "Ho Hum, another mass shooting. It's pretty obvious what the dynamic is here. America is an immature, rich, arrogant country that's going to need hundreds of years, maybe over a thousand, to figure out that it has a problem with gun access. The country was founded on gun violence and that legacy permeates our dna. We will continue to see this for the forseeable future and one day when we grow up, change will happen. Unfortunately, that is a LONG ways off in the future. If Sandy Hook didn't move the country to do something substantive about having access to weapons of war in the hands of civilians, then nothing will. We are not a great nation. Great nations don't allow this to persist without changes.", "Disgusting--as usual.\n\nThe gun lobby, voiced by our bought and paid for representatives, will start their usual counter offensive.  Listen for it ' Gun control doesn't prevent gun violence' and ' It is too soon after the tragedy and disrespectful to talk about gun control.'\n\nBecause guns don't kill people, they say\n\nSo much is disconnected from the will of the people that it seems as though we no longer have representative government.  We have instead advertisements delivered in prime time by politicians who have sold their soul.\n\nIt's not just guns anymore, it's whatever side of any issue that benefits the corporate sponsor. So, our representatives are willing to ignore:\n                      climate science in favor of polluters\n                      gun control in favor of the NRA\n                      women's rights in favor of the Christian Right\n                      Healthcare reform in favor of Trump's base\nWE need to return to a system of representative government by which the people's business is done according to the majority-- not the gerrymandered and cleverly apportioned few who choose to abuse our Constitution in favor of money and indefensible moral rot.                     ", "I was pleased to see PBS News Hour didn't waste too much time on this story tonight. After a certain point there isn't much you can say --and beyond that point media outlets that continue with the story are just milking it for shock value.", "So, the media have a new superlative, a new lede, \"worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history\".  There have been more than 300 mass shootings.\nWhat is the magic number that tips the scales in favor of laws which ban all assault weapons?\nThere is blood on the hands of any lawmaker taking money\nfrom the NRA and who has repeatedly voted against a ban on these weapons of war. Murdered Amish children weren't enough, the massacred Newtown\nchildren weren't enough. How about the trusting church goers in Charleston?\nOr the Louisiana Congressman? Or the Arizona Senator? Bow your heads,\ndear Congressmen and women. Lower the flags, offer a moment of silence. None of that brings back the dead or tends to the wounded.", "Let's see..what can we say tonight let's start with; \"Our hearts and prayers go out to those victims...\", and the ever ready, \"Now as a nation as we mourn is not the time to...\", infamously Joe said, \"Your dead kids don't trump my constitutional rights\" (I found that one the worst) and in finishing i'll go with, \"Please sir might I have another\". We've heard them all by now, seriously, we've heard them all. There are those of us that could recite chapter, verse and give you the whole book on the NRA's change of policy it's alignment with gun manufacturers while hiding behind their gun safety banner. Every\npols statement(s) pro and con. Legislative failure after legislative failure. I give this one a month on the front pages until...until the next one, perhaps some Dem. will join with Steve Scalise in predictable show to make us all think the legislature has finally decided to do something.", "If you want to see real carnage done, ask the GOP geniuses in congress to fix a problem, ANY problem.", "Every single bullet that rained down on that crowd represents the salaries and perks of the National Rifle Association. The NRA spokespeople are weapons  industry shills, driven by personal gain rather than by principle, and the sooner we wake up to this fact the better. \n\nAmericans are dying every day in service to a false ideal and a distorted concept of constitutional rights. Worried about losing your personal liberty and peace of mind? Tell it to the victims laying in pools of blood all across our country.", "This is what our flag and our national anthem stand for. The unabridged right to own any weapon called a \"gun\" and to sacrifice our lives at a music concert, in a church, at a nightclub, in an elementary school, on a college campus, to defend that right. ", "Nevada's lax gun laws invited this mass shooting. States like Connecticut and Maryland have demonstrated that sane gun laws and bans on assault weapons and limits on ammunition do work and have been held constitutional by federal courts. States like Georgia that allow the NRA to write their gun laws will pay a price in further mass shootings.", "How does a hotel let someone check into a room with an arsenal of twenty rifles and ammo?  That is like a huge crate full. Did the shooter secret them in over a period of time, or all at once? Is it considered so normal for someone in Nevada to have that many weapons, that the front desk would not even raise the alarm?  Did they think he was just going to a gun show?", "\"A well regulated militia\" implies limits and rules.\n--Fierce Second Amendment advocates seem to forget that part of this Amendment.\n--The host of C-SPAN mentioned that today to a caller, and I found it a meticulously perfect observation.\n--We will in time lose this feeling of shock and numbness.\n--As happened eventually after the school shooting in 2012 at Sandy Hook.\n20 children and 6 adults..\n--There will be discussions yet we will remain inactive....and that is the reality of the here and now. Hold out your hope that this will eventually be resolved. ", "I live in CT and my twins were in first grade when Adam Lanza went into Sandy Hook Elementary School and massacred 20 children - all in first grade. \n\nPersonally, this event in NV doesn't even phase me. I went about my day as usual because, well, this is just another day of mass gun violence in America. And I think I've become immune to some of these scenes because when this country didn't change its gun laws (specifically the sale of weapons of mass destruction to go human hunting) when 20 children were slaughtered, then I'm convinced NOTHING will ever change. \n\nI wish everyone in NV and all their families impacted by this senseless act, lots of luck healing, especially for those who will forever be changed by experiencing an event such as this. And my deepest condolences to all the families of the deceased. \n\nThere will be more to come, perhaps another movie theater, another night club, another school, another work place, another place of worship, another baseball field, another holiday party, another...", "Can we please drive a stake into the heart of the idiotic argument that little or nothing can be done to end mass shootings? All we have to do is follow the example set by Australia. Between 1979 and 1996, there were 13 fatal mass shootings there. Since 1996 when the government introduced tougher gun control laws, there have been no mass shootings. Here's what they did in 1996 after the Port Arthur massacre. They banned automatic and semiautomatic firearms, adopted new licensing requirements, established a national firearms registry, and instituted a 28-day waiting period for gun purchases. The government also bought and destroyed more than 600,000 civilian-owned firearms. Since those sensible and sweeping reforms were introduced, mass shootings have not only stopped, but there has also been an accelerating reduction in rates of firearm-related homicide and suicides. Case closed. Let's get on with it.", "This man's life is hardly an open book. He has no employment history, but flies private planes and has nondescript homes in some key areas for tracking organized crime. I believe the man worked for FBI. He was invisible. He may have been set up as a payback by either the mob or others Not ISIS. The truth will not ever be forthcoming, but a narrative will be promoted.", "So, at the moment, Breitbart (online) is reporting country music fans were the target, and also that ISIS has claimed responsibility.for the shootings in Las Vegas  The Fox News (online) headline is:  \"CBS fires vice president who said Vegas victims didn't deserve sympathy because country music fans 'often are Republican'\", which is misrepresentative at best.  Where does the idea that 'we should not politicize this' fit into these headlines?  What can we possibly do to stop the momentum of fake news such as this, so that we can begin legislation to prevent incidences such as these, and events such as the devastation caused by the recent hurricanes, and so much else?  ", "And as if all those weapons were not enough, Republicans are trying to make it legal for him (well it's too late for him, but the next mass murder) to purchase silencers.  Imagine how many more dead there would be if no one could hear the shots happening.  That's the future the Republican party and the NRA want.", "I keep hearing people refer to this as one of the worst shootings in \"modern U.S. history.\" When did \"modern U.S. history\" begin? And were there worse killings in pre-modern U.S. history? A small matter, perhaps, but I find that phrasing curious. ", "As usual we will hear about how hundreds of law enforcement officers were mobilized.\n\nWe will hear about how quickly they got to the site.\n\nWe will hear about the hours spent doing nothing.  And we will hear about all the lost lives- lives lost after law enforcement arrived.\n\nJust like Orlando.  The police wait while citizens are murdered.  ", "Let's be honest with ourselves and others. The social climate in America has been elevated to hatred and anger. Although I do not like guns, I believe the real problem is in people's minds and how they got there. There are an abundance of stimuli that I have seen actually addict, anger, and enrage people, and that condition lends itself to dangerous behavior. Sure it's easy to blame mental illness in these recurring events, but what drove the assailant mad? People are born with a clear mind and learn all their life. It takes a stimulus to result in a reflexive act. Babies and children are not crazy and the onset of serious mental illness is recognized as occurring in young adulthood. Is it to be blamed on hormones? Paddock is partially bald which indicates elevated levels of Testosterone that may be a contributing factor to the resulting violence moving beyond one's mind to a physical reality?\n\nIt hurts to see one angry act lead to mass anger and hatred. That is exactly my point.", "What is the point of even covering any of this? It won't change one US citizen's opinion about guns, it won't have any impact on our laws, it won't influence any policy, it won't even console anyone. It is certain that we live in a country that has a high tolerance for mass violence and it is certain that this will happen again, and again, and again. What is the point of even covering it? The only impact it might have is that it might inspire more people to try to top the death toll.", "Can people please stop calling this terrorism? In case you were unaware (as many people seem to be,) terrorism is a label for a very specific type of crime: One committed in the name of a political goal. As of yet, there is no reason to believe he had any political goal in mind when he picked up those guns\u2026 so it isn't terrorism. It was a horrible thing, but let's please be truthful in our wording and not toss around words for political reasons. Which is exactly what you're doing when you insinuate this attack isn't being called terrorism for some reason other than it just not fitting the definition of the term.", "The number of casualties would have never been that high if the sale of AR-15 and ammunition were more regulated and disallowed from civilian hands,\nIt is becoming almost playing Russian roulette to congregate in public.  Whether it is at a school, a church , a movie or a concert or even being in the US for that matter.  We are just not safe anymore.\nMarketing seems to be partially responsible. Faster cars, Bigger Burgers, Supersize pops, More and More powerful guns!", "I mourn the carnage in Las Vegas. I don't mean to stereotype the concert crowd, but it seems likely that a fair number of them were armed themselves. Their guns were--counter to NRA mythology--of no use in stopping the shooter. But will there be an investigation to see if any of those killed or injured lost their lives from shots fired by panicking armed concertgoers?", "He was either homicidal or became homicidal. Gamblers often have nothing more to lose. A weapons cache would be indicative of that.\nPossible dysfunctional family ties. Lost contact with mother recently due to her situation from Hurricane Irma.\nMight have been avoiding his physical for his pilot's license. Laws prevent us from knowing any specifics as to his mental health when he did not pursue that license for a number of years.\nThis might be one of the big unknowns.", "This news made me sick starting at 3 a.m. last night, Central Time, and still does. The scenario is so familiar: \"It sounded like fireworks. It was surreal. Why did this happen? What can be done? Will we address gun regulation.\" \n\nNo, there are no easy answers. But, in this case the two most obvious and glaring questions are, \"Why is it that we allow assault weapons that can be modified to be automatic for $50? And do you think the man was motivated in any way by his huge gambling loses?\" But those questions are not dealt with here because of the possible loss of votes and campaign contributions. Plain and simple.", "The NRA has backed Republican tabling and pushing for adoption of the SHARE Act which would loosen restrictions on silencers and deregulate sales of armor-piercing bullets for any gun owner.\n\nIt also calls for the removal of background checks and taxes on silencer purchases, as well as the destruction of the national registry that currently tracks the purchase of silencers.\n\nOne can only assume that the SHARE Act will ensure any potential victims of future Gun Massacres/Killings is that there will be less protection/defence against bullets and that they will suffer n Silence and make it much harder for anyone to find where the shots are coming from in order to stop it.\n\nFor the shooter, they would no longer risk hearing damage from the loud sound of their gun when they are shooting...\n\nAnother Republican Bill coming to you soon, if only these troublesome shootings/massacres didn't keep delaying the ideal and timely passage of this Bill as they already have twice this year!  ", "There hasn't been a conflict in over 100 years in which privately owned weapons made a difference in the defense of the United States. Repeal the 2nd Amendment.", "The gun lobby thinks we're all safer if we all carry. \n\nSo here's my question: This happened in Las Vegas, and Nevada is a very permissive gun state. There HAD to be plenty of people in the crowd (of 40,000 people) carrying guns. \n\nSo why didn't they take out the shooter? They could see the flash...", "I hesitate to say this on the heels of this horrible tragedy, but given that this was a country music festival, it's more than likely that the majority of the attendees were both Republicans and, if not gun owners themselves, at least opponents of gun control. While I don't expect it to happen, it would be enlightening if, at some point, a poll could be taken of the survivors to find out how many of them, having gone through this experience, might have changed their views.", "Americans spend so much resources to screen what is carried into an airport or into an air plane and yet allow assault weapons into an entertainment precinct and hotel rooms. Can someone, anyone explain this to me. Can the American Government be sued for negligence.", "I'm so sorry that we, the American people, can not elect people who can reduce gun violence. Gun violence may never reach zero but list of regulatory changes needed to dramatically reduce gun violence are effective and easy to implement.  Step one is for citizens to elect people who will do the job.  \n\nWe are all crushed by this senseless loss of life and will remain numb as our legislators once again say there's nothing they could do.  \n\nIf mental illness has anything to do w/the excessive gun violence it is the mental illness of the NRA and congress.  Look no further.  ", "From races for local elected office, to the SCOTUS, $ rules, at the expense of morality and righteousness in all forms.  The most important changes we require as a society are to our campaign finance and lobbying laws.  It's quite clear that our elected officials care more for their benefactors then they do for their constituents.", "Today Bill O'Reilly called the Las Vegas killings the \"price of freedom,\" thereby assigning a fixed value to the lives lost. (He also called it a \"downside.\") Ask any loved one of the 59 people murdered whether they willingly paid that price or got a good deal on their freedom purchase, and all will say no. If one thinks there is no such thing as too high a cost for something, one probably hasn't had to pay it. The rationalization around America's sick gun culture by its proponents is yet another illustration of the ongoing debasement of our humanity and disintegration of our society.", "Has it occurred to anyone that in light of the the rush to purchase gun manufacturer stock that happens in the aftermath of every mass shooting, those manufacturers (and the private equity outfits that might either control those manufacturers or have a significant stake in them) are being incentivized to take measures that would increase the likelihood of more mass shootings, by lobbying for fewer restrictions on what firearms people may own, and for fewer restrictions on who can own them? \n\nEvery mass shooting makes the executives at the gun manufacturers and the investors in those gun manufacturers richer. Does no one else recognize this fact?\n\nIf massacres make business executives wealthier then business executives will do whatever they can to facilitate more massacres. When the news media focuses its attention on the fringe lunatics that perpetuate these acts, they are focusing on the symptom, and not the root of the problem. The root of the problem lies in the corporate board rooms of the companies that make these dangerous products and in the board rooms of the financial giants that invest in those companies and that loan them money. \n\nCongress should pass a law that prohibits the purchase and sale of gun manufacturer stock in the aftermath of any mass shooting. It should pass a law that prohibits any lobbying by these merchants of death. The harm to the general public has gotten out of control. If the courts say otherwise then it's time to change the court system.", "Great news. Because of our polarized society, it turns out our only protection against this is just to hope and wish that it doesn\u2019t happen to you. Apparently nothing can proactively be done. Let\u2019s keep all those \u201cthoughts and prayers\u201d handy because we\u2019re going to continue to need them.", "I keep hearing the expression, \"Where did the shooter get the automatic weapons from?\" I believe the shooter retrofitted completely legal AR-15 semi-automatic assault rifles to simulate fully automatic AR-15s with simple modifications which allows a semi-auto to simulate a fully-auto assault weapon in terms of having the capability to fire off several hundred rounds of ammo per minute. For this reason, all assault rifles, especially the AR-15 semi-auto should be made illegal in all states including gun-friendly Nevada. Notice how the one who spoke of two AR-15s being among the shooter's cache of weapons spoke on the condition of anonymity as the legal version of the AR-15 is a popular weapon of choice by gun enthusiasts. ", "A terrible tragedy. I can't believe we are at a point where this almost seems routine. We need legislative action now.", "In addition to silencers, the Sportsmen Heritage and Recreation Enhancement Act that the Republicans are eager to pass includes a provision to make it easy to purchase armor-piercing bullets. Because, well, a sportsman never knows if the elk he has been tracking is wearing a police officer's bullet proof vest. Could happen.\n\nIt also makes it possible to carry guns across state lines without regard to local regulations because Republicans want to give control to local government . . . except when they are being paid by the gun lobby or religious organizations to do the opposite.\n\nThe last time they were ready to pass this madness, one of their own, Steve Scalise, was among those hit in a mass shooting. That caused them to delay the vote. But now that Scalise is back and engaged in a long rehab program, there were all ready to forget the lessons of that shooting and pass the gun lobby's wish list.\n\nToday, after almost 60 people have been killed and hundreds wounded in a matter of minutes as a result of the firearms industry's products and paid-for public policies, the Republicans and their supporters are telling us it is not a good time to talk about gun politics. They want to wait, again, until the pain they bring us is not so fresh before making us more vulnerable while they profit from the madness they are promoting.\n\nOf course we should talk about it, now. And we should not stop talking about it until they stop pushing gun violence products and policies. Enough already!", "Cue the comments: \"it's too soon to discuss\"; \"we must respect the dead\"; \"it's tasteless to make this into a political discussion.\" How about this: it WAS reprehensible to refuse to discuss this after the many previous incidents; if we wait to discuss it till there are no incidents, we will never discuss it; could it possibly, possibly, be playing politics to NOT discuss this? Personally, I prefer to respect the dead by making sure there aren't any more. And I'd rather have respected them enough to act to prevent this when they were alive. So yes. Deepest, deepest condolences to families. But let's not make that an excuse to wait for the next slaughter. Tragedies are supposed to be one-off. That's what makes them tragedies. When we tolerate them again and again they become habit. And we're complicit. ", "Even if they changed the laws a large part of the gun loving population would keep their guns. The gun manufactures keeps producing these weapons and dumping them on the United States market. Unless there is a major change of thinking in the United States, which I doubt will happen this will never end and only get worse.", "America has made a deal with itself.  In exchange for relatively easy and unimpeded access to guns of practically all types, shootings like this, along with a slew of individual incidents each day due to fits of pique are an acceptable trade off.", "There are no words to describe the horror of this tragedy, nor were there to describe Newtown, Orlando, Aurora, San Bernadino, and the list goes on. And on. \n\nWhy and how he did this is almost inconsequential -- let's acknowledge that there are sick individuals in our society and we owe it to those who have lost their lives and their families to do whatever is possible to prevent future mass casualties. It's time we put our country first and our personal wants aside. That's how we'll make America great again.", "I don't understand how people can come to the conclusion that banning guns will end gun violence.  Sure, law-abiding citizens will not buy banned guns or will turn them into authorities. Then no law-abiding citizen will own a banned gun.  That's true even today.  The people who use guns to invoke violence don't really care much about laws or bans.  Most authorities agree that there are at least 875 million guns in the world.  Banning guns will not eliminate those 875 million existing guns.  Even with a total ban of guns in America, the bad guys have access to all of those guns.  And, they don't care about what's legal and what's illegal.  So, invoke the bans all you want.  It will not result in any change.  If you want real change, you have to change much more than gun laws.  You have to change our culture.  That's much more difficult but would have much better results.", "What tragedy do we need to convince lawmakers that gun laws must be put in place to protect innocent people? I grieve for the many, many people suffering loss and injuries, and am incredulous that someone could buy and stock up so many weapons. Please, let's go back to what the Constitution actually says and limit guns to those who serve in state militias--or law enforcement, or who are licensed hunters. Formerly, we had armories to store weapons until they were really needed.", "In the US, when southern gerrymandered districts hold sway over sense and reason for the entire country, I find myself increasingly cozier with the notion that our country is too big.  The west coast shares a common culture as does the Northeast and much of the upper mid-west.  It may not happen in my life time, but events like these endure in our collective conscious.  If we aren't represented in Congress - because we most certainly are not - then at some point I imagine some corners of our country will have their own \"tea party.\"", "The so called conservatives in the republican party that includes SCOTUS members are a bunch of cowards.  For political gain they hide behind a misinterpreted amendment to the constitution.  They lack the morality and the courage to be honest to themselves and the American people.\nDoes the threat from the NRA scare them that much?  Then they should go hide under the sheets.  They are not conservatives. They are neither conservative, neo con or moderate.  They are merely cowards! ", "I am not sure why the press doesn't call this what it is.  This is an act of domestic terrorism committed on Americans by another American. He wasn't Muslim, Black, Latino, or Hispanic and if he was or if his name just happened to be similar to an Arab name the press would call the very same heinous act terrorism and their pictures would be splattered across every page. I have yet so see a photo of this man in these stories and today heard person after person describe the shooter  as a \"mild mannered accountant,\" \"retiree\" with \"no criminal history\" but lets also call him what he has shown himself to be - a 64 year old, white, American male terrorist. Why can't we just say it? Maybe because those of us who look more like him, wouldn't have anyone else to blame for what this country is needlessly becoming, but ourselves.", "Don't profile the shooter.  You are only giving him the infamy he wanted.  Profile each and every victim that died in such a devastating and senseless way.", "There is one common thread that should be investigated.   If ISIS were the shooter or bomber,, should we give press, should we give publicity to ISIS?  If a youth is unbalanced and seeking notoriety, should we give him the publicity he seeks?  If a pair of shooters in Colorado are trying to 'set a record',, should we give them that hateful 'record'?\n\nThe common thread of terrorism, domestic or foreign, is a thirst for publicity.  Even in the case of someone mentally unbalanced,, it is still a cry for help, or an angry, \"They'll listen to me now.\"\n\nPublicity.   Yes, we must report it,,, but do we need to ever publish a name, a religious affiliation, a justification of any sort?   No.  No we don't.  I don't want to know his name, her name, where they lived, their mother or brother.  I want their name to be forever erased, zero publicity, more anonymous than they ever were before.   We already do not publish children's names or rape victim's names, or any names that might lead back to the victim or child.  I think we need to eliminate all terrorist names too. \n\nI think we may be creating our own problems.", "It could be worthwhile to note that around 6000 people were injured on 9/11. Around 500 people were injured yesterday, close to 10% of 9/11.", "So the one who sold him the firearms claims the shooter did not have a criminal record and yet he was on the FBI's most wanted list back in '70s?! Something tells me he didn't really do a background check. ", "No one person should ever be in possession of semi-automatic weapons, and that much ammunition short of the military.  We should not be responsible for this anguish that could be kept alive again by our own citizens.  I am certain that our forefathers did not have mass murder in mind securing our Second Amendment rights.", "It is both amazing and appalling that it is legal for anyone to own these types of weapons.  How on earth do the NRA and GOP rationalize that this man should have 20 automatic weapons?  ", "The American public has long pleaded for strict gun laws. But neither political party has agreed to that because both parties  have been bought by NRA big bucks. No matter that multiple children were killed at Sandy Hook. No matter that about 60 people died in Las Vegas and hundreds wounded. No, what matters to our corrupt government is that the congressmen lie their pockets with NRA gold and that no innocent American be free from random bullets.", "Steve Scalise is my congressman. Do you think he will talk some sense into gun ownership in the USA? Not a chance. Not after nearly being killed and not after this latest shameful event. Not ever.", "Why are Las Vegas Police responding not equipped with helmets and full body armor?\n\nOur police have to be prepared for war always. Defending the 2nd Amendment above all others in the Constitution comes with costs and tradeoffs, like the rights to pursue life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. ", "Terrorism is not bound by a certain religion, belief or doctrine. But rather, it manifests itself in the form of violence and utter disruption. This tragic event that is still giving me thrills and jitters is the true face of terrorism. I express my ", "How is it possible that this man brought 20 rifles, 2 tripods, and untold ammunition through the lobby and up the elevator and the hotel staff did not become concerned enough to inquire?? ", "I cannot believe what this man has done. I can't imagine what would make a sane person do something like this--which leads me to believe he was not sane and that something made him snap. I can only assume because his brother stated he was a gambler that he lost all his money or that because his female companion was not with him, that the two had a falling out, or that she left him because he lost all his money.  As to addressing Alive and Well's comments about the 2nd Amendments. If you wanted to subjugate people, how would you go about doing that? First, you make them completely dependent on their government. Then, you take away their ability to defend themselves. While I cannot in anyway shape or form justify what this man has done, there are gun owners who live their whole lives and never hurt anyone. The philosophy that if you take away guns and make it illegal to own one that you prevent murder is ludicrous. It is illegal to own a gun in the city of Chicago but someone forgot to tell the criminals who made that city one of the murder capitals of the world that. I don't own a gun but I understand wanting to have one for self defense. Criminals don't care about the law and as long as we share a border with two other countries, you'll never stop them from coming here illegally. If you disarm the law abiding citizens, the only people who will have guns are the criminals and terrorists.", "Any politician who takes money from the gun lobby and fiercely opposes gun regulations should have the guts to publicly admit there is a price to this \u201cfreedom\u201d and last night\u2019s mass shooting is just another example.  Keep your prayers private.", "The singer could have told the crowd what was happening before dropping his mic and sprinting off the stage.  It would have taken a second for him to say \"shots fired, run\". ", "Utterly sad that this happened. It can be prevented by banning sale of guns to individuals completely-including hunting rifles. ", "Donald Trump said during the campaign: \u201cIf she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do, folks. Although the second amendment people, maybe there is, I don\u2019t know. But I\u2019ll tell you what, that will be a horrible day.\u201d\n\nWell, it didn't concern Hillary this time, but Donald got his wish. One of the \"second amendment people\" did indeed do something and it is a horrible day. ", "I don't feel like Congress and the President are providing for my common defense or promoting my general welfare by allowing my fellow citizens to own and carry military-grade weapons and ammunition designed to kill large swaths of people.    ", "I believe that a strict gun control definitely can help Americans. There will be always  some kind of violences but it will happen rarely if it`s hard to get a gun. I guess some people who tried to get money from selling guns outmuscle majority of Americans.  In Korea, we go out to sqeares and get togher with candle light and do non-violent demonstration. Remember you must be non-violence and a lot of people have to gather in one special place and keep doing it until your goal is achieved.", "Good Guy With A Gun?  Imagine a police officer in the midst of all this chaos.  There's screaming and yelling.  People are running in panic, and people dying.  Now imagine a \"good guy with a gun\" who is pointing it all over the place and probable also yelling.  Even if the police office doesn't accidentally shoot this \"good guy\", he/she will at least have to take valuable time to figure out whether this guy with a gun is a threat.", "Mr Trump, please act now to tighten our lax gun laws and put a stop to the slaughter of tens of thousands of innocent Americans.  You would have public and bipartisan support for meaningful executive actions so that guns are \"well regulated\"", "The truly and awful sad thing about this massacre is that it will be old news next week or even tomorrow.  The news cycle continues to spin out of control with deadly storms and deadly people.  I wonder what has changed in the past 10 months?", "Sad to say but I doubt any concrete action towards regulating firearms comes of this tragedy.  And within the next year, perhaps two, another mass shooting will occur and trigger (no pun intended) yet another round of breast beating and angst.  I don't mean to be cavalier in my post but the truth is, we as a society are indifferent to the horror of these mass shootings.  Our failure to act to put a halt to the violence is the proof.", "Please do not subject your readers to all the details of this madman's life and cover the online page with stories about every aspect of the massacre for days when there is nothing that we can do to prevent the next one. It only makes us feel politically powerless and anxious and vulnerable in every public space. There will be no sane gun restrictions because the \"Second Amendment people\" will not allow it. This is the new normal for American life. Americans love guns more than life. ", "Now IS the time to discuss gun control.\nNow IS the time to discuss why ANYONE would need semi-automatic weapons.\nNow IS the time to ask, \"When is enough ENOUGH?\"\nNow IS the time to ask, \"What kind of people are we-that even when CHILDREN are murdered, we don't do anything, and this keeps happening over and over and over, while we do NOTHING?\nNow IS the time to ask, \"When will profit and the NRA take a back seat to human lives?\"", "Steve Scalise was interviewed on 60 minutes last night.  Not one question about gun control.  Not one.  In earlier statements, he said that his experience with a gunshot wound hasn\u2019t changed his opinion on gun control.  How can that be?  In all of his struggles to recover, has he really not thought just once that we would be safer if guns weren\u2019t so easily obtained?  After almost dying from a gunshot wound, you can bet your last dollar he won\u2019t vote for stricter gun control.  That\u2019s the inexcusable mentality of our Congress.  Now there are at least 58 more Americans killed by gun violence. It\u2019s just plain crazy.", "When is the United States Government recognize that semi automatic weapons are NOT in compliance with the second amendment.  This is not an act of 'pure evil' as our president has stated.  It is an act that resulted from a civilian, being able to access military-style weapons.  Where is the outrage.  The protests.  The lobbyists.  This HAS GOT TO STOP.   The mass shootings are getting worse. ", "President Trump could have saved himself some time if he had offered condolences for the next mass shooting at the same he was addressing last night's horror in Las Vegas. Is there anyone who does not believe that this mayhem will continue?", "Teardrops for the fallen, not the shooter. It's my prayer that in the next life he'll find the perspective to understand his actions. I leave retribution in God's hands, where it always should be.\n\nHaving read a couple hundred comments, I'll be brief. In general, Republicans believe that people are good and can govern themselves. Democrats, in general, believe that people are evil and would run rampant if left unchecked by the government.\n\nRepublicans have to accept (though sometimes they (we) don't - abortion, drugs) that in exchange for personal freedoms, sometimes people do horrible things. \n\nSomeone getting drunk and killing a family of five is not a reason to ban alcohol (even though it happens 20 times a year). It's horrible every time but atrocities are never a reason to restrict personal freedoms. ", "There was a war on Poverty and a war on Crime.\nThere is the war on Drugs and the war on Terror.\n\nAmerica needs a war on Gun Culture which kills more American civilians at home in peacetime than all its people have been killed in every War it has ever fought from Independence to today.\n\nAmerica needs the security and freedom that guns have taken from them more than anything else has.   ", "Only one question ever need be answered after every shooting. Gang-related, drug-related, domestic, mass, hate-crime. One question should be asked first by this nation's citizens. What part of a \"well-regulated\" militia did the person with the firearm belong to?", "Too many of these events have occurred to simply label this another instance of mental health issues. Too many cases of guns being purchased legally with background checks and no prior history of mental illness only to be used later in mass violence should clue us in to the idea that this is really about human nature and those of who choose to seize upon their own worst impulses to do violence to others. It's in all of us.", "Time to tighten up.\nOne rifle, one hand gun - period.\nAny high powered gun must be kept under lock and key in a local gun storage unit, where, with ID, you can take your gun out and get ammo, and shoot it at the range.\nNo open carry, no carrying loaded weapons in public.\nNo assault weapons.\nFederal register of all gun owners\nTraining required\n\nAny weapons beyond the 2 per person limit, must be turned in.  All assault weapons must be turned in.  Incentive?  You will be compensated for the cost of the weapon.\n\nViolations?  Significant fines and jail time.", "I don't look to politicians to \"unify\" or calm me.  I look to them to do the hard work of creating laws that prevent these types of events from occurring.  On that, every political leader in this country is a complete failure.  The blood from every one of these mass killings is on their hands.", "This was a terrible, terrible act. Thoughts and well wishes to all those affected. Deepest condolences to those who lost loved ones. Everyone stands beside you. So very sorry this happened. ", "This will keep happening until we have common sense gun and ammunition controls.  We the people need to make serious changes in who we nominate and elect to serve in state and federal government and get the selfish oligarchy out of govt. and get real citizens back into power.", "I can only imagine the horror of those festival attendees upon hearing shots ring out and not knowing where they are coming from or seeing anyone in proximity with a gun.  And with the angle this gunman was shooting from it's quite possible many witnessed people getting their brains blown through.  It's a sheer miracle that with so many in attendance that only 59 (so far) where slain with the kind of firepower this individual had.  These shootings all seem to be happening more frequently and even bigger and more gruesome than the last.  When you have ordinary citizens amassing lethal weapons fit for a platoon it will only be a matter of time before we see the next one in a city or town near us.  ", "\u201cI think one of the things that we don\u2019t want to do is try to create laws that won\u2019t create \u2014 or stop these types of things from happening,\u201d Sanders said. \u201cI think if you look to Chicago, where you had over 4,000 victims of gun-related crimes last year, they have the strictest gun laws in the country. That certainly hasn\u2019t helped there. So, I think we have to, when that time comes for those conversations to take place, then I think we have to look at things that may actually have a real impact.\u201d \n\nBut our president has time to Tweet about the NFL, attack the mayor of San Juan and defend white nationalist as \"good people\"? ", "How can someone bring that many guns into a hotel? Wouldn't someone on the hotel staff had noticed? What a sad day for all those involved.", "I'm angry. How many more families have to have their lives destroyed because we can't pass reasonable gun laws?", "To help the nation process the pain , comfort the citizens, move forward. learn from the tragedy and propose reasonable legislation it would be nice to have a President we believed and believed in... then again, the other party would probably use the opportunity to  look for a birth certificate or hold Benghazi hearings.", "Looks like there was no \"good guy with a gun\" to save the day.  Isn't that what should have happened in gun-friendly Nevada?", "Condolences and Rest in Peace to the victims of the Mandalay Bay Massacre and their loved ones. \"In the midst of Life, we are in Death.\" Las Vegas has had a record # of homicides this year, and last year was also very bad. Two of my friends were brutally murdered in separate, unrelated killings during the past year. I was at the UNLV Law Library right before last night's massacre, and almost went to the Strip via Tropicana, but decided to go home instead. The bus driver and I saw dozens of police cars and ambulances racing South on Maryland Parkway to the scene. We both knew something very bad had happened. It is extremely doubtful that Mr. Paddock had any connection whatsoever to ISIS, and they look foolish trying to \"claim\" this massacre to improve their \"terrorist street cred.\" It's astounding how much damage a single angry, bitter, or crazy man can do with guns. Assault rifles should be banned: they are meant for military, not civilian, use.", "To all my Gun Grabbing friends out there who can't even wait until the bodies are removed from the crime scene or take a moment to mourn the passing of so many innocent Americans  \n\nI would simply ask this\nWhat law do you propose that if passed tomorrow would prevent this tragedy from happening next weekend?\nNo the Gun Show \"loophole\" fantasy didn't cause this tragedy so lets think here\nWhat law?", "It's amazing how the conversation changes in the wake of mass shootings, depending on the ethnicity of the perpetrator.  If Islamic, we can talk and immediately take action against Muslim immigrants.  If African-American, the conversation begins with some sort of law and order discussion.  But if it's some \"ordinary Joe\" white guy, we can't politicize the situation by talking about the common factor of all these horrors, the easy availability of lethal military weapons.", "My heart aches for all those who lost loved ones in this massacre.\nAfter reading all of the news coverage today I kept thinking, \"This keeps happening. What if next time it's one of my children?\"\nDo I have to keep worrying every day that I drop my children off at school that this might be the last time I see them?\nThis keeps happening. Why can't anybody do anything?", "I turned on CNN this morning, and a traumatized looking young man was talking about this horrific event. I caught him just as he was describing how the gunfire came in short terrible intervals.\n\nHe said he only realized this was shooting when the man next to him was shot in the neck...\n\nHe said every time the shooting started, his sister would jump on his back to shield him from the bullets - all the while telling him over and over that she loved him.\n\nI could not hear any more. I turned off the TV and cried like a child... who can hear a story like that and not be moved to tears? It summed up the horror of this nightmare!\n\nI am almost 57. I had hoped I would never see a day like this in our country. God help us!", "It's never been that hard to buy a gun\nNow they'll sell a Glock 19 to just about anyone\nThe seeds of tragedy are there\nIn what we feel we have the right to bear\nWe watch our children come to harm\nThere in the safety of our arms\n\nWith all we disagree about\nThe passions burn, the heart goes out\n\nAnd we're a long way gone\n\n     'The Long Way Around,' Jackson Browne", "The fragility of the human mind gives lie to the paradigm of the \"responsible gun owner\"! Anyone can snap at any time, and the arsenal in one's possession can quite suddenly become a menace to society, just as it has today.  Rest assured that the NRA and the other American gun fetishists will continue to use this oft disproven trope to justify the continued mass availability of firearms and this further and inevitable instance of horrendous violence will make no difference whatsoever.", "When no substantial action was taken after the Sandy Hook massacre, I knew that no action would ever be taken.  The thought of those beautiful children killed in a brutal assault should have touched everyone's heart and forced the Congress to enact meaningful legislation.  When nothing happened, I realized that the money of the NRA and the gun industry controlled too many of our politicians.\n\nNow we have another massacre, this time in Las Vegas.  But it won't be the last one.  More are sure to occur.  And they will continue to occur until we elect politicians who are brave enough to stand up to the NRA and the gun lobby.  It's as simple as that.", "Will Congress pause for a moment of silence before returning to its effort to make silencers easier to obtain?", "It seems to me that with Congress so willing to allow anyone to own any type of gun,they should remove any security from Congress. Have all members get a permit to carry. After all what could go wrong?", "For once, President Trump spoke the truth: the massacre in Las Vegas was an act of unmitigated evil.  But there were more kinds of evil at work than the nihilism and hatred displayed by Stephen Paddock. \n\nIt is evil to seek to profit from the manufacture and sale to civilians of weapons of war whose only purpose is the infliction of mass casualties. \n\nIt is evil to propagate the lie that such weapons promote human freedom, when the only freedom they enhance is the freedom of individuals to make war on their fellow men. \n\nIt is evil to so pervert the functioning of democratic institutions through the application of money and influence that they are unable to enact laws that a majority of Americans support to limit in even the most modest way the scourge of advanced weaponry in civilian hands.", "Military style ammunition designed for maximum killing efficiency during military operations has no reason to be sold to civilians. Period. \n\nIs there any mention in the second amendment of weapons of this capacity being used by People or militia? Why is it so hard for the best lawyers in this country to interpret the text of law created more than 220 years ago - long before these types of weapons were even invented? \n\nIt is a shame that the politicians \u00e2\u20ac\u201c republicans and democrats alike are incapable of truly fighting this money-driven, legalized lobbying mob such as NRA, and of creating adequate laws to put an end on sale of automatic weapons (at least!) to protect their own people from mass shootings. ", "The gross amount of deep shock and permanent psychological damage can never be measured.\nAbout 60 lives simply snuffed out, 500 plus wounded physically from extremely severe to something less. How many of those 500-600 lives are ruined in tatters and deeply scarred literally and figuratively.\nYou'll never convince me that any country with 340 million guns can control or justify such a totally irresponsible lack of concern for our citizens. One man, abused his rights only once, what he did should be as close to impossible as possible NOT so very possible that it was impossible to stop him.\nOr the next one, my government does not protect me when I can't. My Government is not on our side, the guns were so powerful and so legal I blame Congress. The First Responders proved to be useless, against very specific entirely useless weapons. It's not the man. He had Government Blessed tools to destroy 1000s of lives, mothers, and fathers and brothers and sisters and lovers and friends.....it's the Guns....that man is far far far less dangerous without the guns.\nIt's the GUNS.", "My first instinct was to tell my adult children to stay away from large gatherings of people.  as the day has progressed I'm angry that I would entertain the idea that our children should feel anything other then freedom to participate in entertainment.  why do we have more frequent and more violent crazy people  destroying our freedom.", "Perhaps gun buyers ought to be vetted more thoroughly than people with requests for visas. The majority of the latter are unlikely to bring weapons with them. If so, the domestic terrorist mentality develops under conditions in the U.S. Further investigation will tell more about Packard's life and associations. ", "One thing I have found weird about the discussion of police shootings is that it never seems to mention the fact that our police have to interact with a society that is always armed.  I know the police often are in the wrong in the shootings, and I don't support them in those cases most of the time, but you have to wonder if those shootings would be happening if those police were doing their work in a society without so many guns?  My guess is that they wouldn't, and look no further than the UK for proof.\n\nClearly the amount of guns we have in our country contributes to the mass shootings.  Almost all of the guns in the large shootings were purchased legally.  Nothing more needs to be said about that.  There is no other answer.\n\nOur gang and drug cartel killings are also driven by the availability of guns.  Every gang member has a gun, and many cartel members are packing fully automatic rifles.  Why not; they're easy and inexpensive to acquire.\n\nAnd why do we allow this?  So that gun owners are allowed to entertain themselves with the fantasy that they are the real protectors of society, that they will be here to save everyone in case the government tries to attack it's own citizens, or in case we are invaded by another country and our military isn't enough, that they can step in and handle things?\n\nAll of those thoughts are clearly delusional.\n\nIt's time we as a nation act on our gun problem, and do everything we can to severely limit or eliminate guns from the US.\n\nNOW!", "Ironic that the US government tries, justifiably,  to keep nuclear weapons out of the hands of North Korea and Iran, but lets anybody in the civilian US population wield a, or multiple weapons, with the tremendous firepower that the shooter in Vegas possessed.  With on average  of over 30,000 US citizens killed using firearms each year,  in the last decade more people have been killed by firearms in this country than from the the TWO nuclear weapons dropped on Japan in 1945. ", "As long as the gun industry sells millions of weapons to US citizens each year, in fact, approximately 8 MILLION each year, there will be senseless death from guns. It's not rocket science.", "I ask, how easy is it to buy and turn a legal semi-automatic weapon into an illegal fully automatic weapon?  The answer, too easy that you can find the 'how to' instructions on the Internet.  \n\nA full ban to semi-automatic weapons is the only answer.  Congress, are you listening?  Please, in the name of innocent lives lost, act now.  ", "As a hunter I do not understand need for any semi-auto assault rifles meaning center fire laser sights, detachable parts; just meant for killing people efficiently. Lets talk common sense gun control and include gun owners in the discussion. ", "Is private gun ownership still justifiable as a check on government tyranny?  All attempts to use arms that way -- by killing cops, assassinating presidents, or seceding from the Union -- have been flatly rejected as illegitimate.  What scenarios are left?\n\nWhen the 2nd Amendment was written, it was not known whether the\nConstitution's legal and political mechanisms suffice to prevent tyranny.  Now we know that they do.  We also know that many other countries have restricted guns while staying vibrantly democratic.\n\nEven if we need the right of armed revolt, capping individuals' arsenals won't undermine that right.  Any justifiable revolt would involve many people, who could collectively muster many arms.", "I do not consider myself Southerner even though I live in the deep South.  I do not like Country Music in general although a few songs here and there are ok.  I have seen people wearing the dress of the Country Music crowd say terrible things about me and my family.  I have personally experienced discrimination from them many times throughout my life.  Even so I don't like to witness scenes like this.  As one human being to another I do have empathy for them.  It's really too bad so many of them seem incapable to doing the same for others.  ", "Who set up our pay-to-play \"democracy\"? Not the NRA. A congressional majority did that. Under whose oversight did Citizens United (a grotesque moniker if ever there was one) become law? The GOP dominated Supreme Court.\nOur \"representatives\" set this up and have allowed it to continue. They complain, but even Al Franken, one of the admirable senators, seems to think that a political system that runs on money is a fact of life.  We need to revolutionize our system so that politicians no longer need to point pathetically to the second amendment to excuse their acceptance of the NRA's bribes.", "I grew up in Las Vegas, have family and close friends in Las Vegas, and I am sure that when the true detail of this horror is known, I will be no more than a few degrees of separation from many of the dead and wounded from this murderous rampage.\n\nOur President calls for unity, stating \"We call upon the bonds that unite us, our faith, our family, and our shared values.\"\n\nWhile perhaps one of the more Presidential things we have heard from this Oval Office, I find no unity and no shared values with the NRA and a Congress that is beholden to its corrosive agenda.  How many more mass shootings must we endure by armed gunmen with assault weapons before our feckless leaders take action on common sense gun control.\n\nSadly, I fear, many many more.", "Simple fix:  No more \"do not disturb\" signs for a week.  Every hotel room is cleaned (checked) once a day.", "Ask yourself this. Were the people at the concert the government that must be resisted as claimed by proponents of the second amendment? Where they there to take away his guns? Was the guns necessary for his protection against the intrusion of government against his rights? Or was he just allowed to commit mass murder because he felt like it and he could easily get the means to do it?", "Trump says the country should \"come together.\" What does that even mean?\n\nHow about Congress pass strong gun control legislation and Trump sign it so we don't have so have much gun violence. ", "When oh when will America wake up and see the 2nd amendment for what it truly is now-the national guard. It is NOT the \u201cright\u201d to own guns, it\u2019s the duty to create a national militia (which we already have). Heller must be overturned. Citizens do not need firearms. If they want them it should be much harder to own them and they should be regulated to such an extent that it should be both expensive and challenge. Annual eye exam, psych exam, letters of recommendation, extensive initial training and ongoing (annual) proof of safety education, guns and ammunition kept in separate locked safes, unannounced spot checks from officials, right to remove by law enforcement, title, annual registration, full liability insurance etc etc etc. Gun ownership should be rare and penalties should be extreme for illegal gun ownership. We can turn this around, like Japan and Australia if we DO IT!", "Sorry all, I grieve, of course I cried, but then one interviewee said something like, \"luckily this happened at a country music concert, so we had good Americans just helping each other out\" (emphasis on \"good\"). Cringe-worthy. And it does sort of explain why there will be even more guns after this. ", "If he didn't have a gun he could have used a truck or plane to kill just about as many people, trucks can be used as was seen in Europe.\n\nRemember the Bundy standoff in NV?  No one was shot by the Americans citizens lawfully carrying weapons.  No pictures were made available showing them pointed at gov agents.\n\nIf gun sales go up due to this it will be police chiefs in the blue states buying more weapons.  Remember off duty cops need to carry guns and keep guns in their homes for their safety.", "clearly the consequence of death by suicide or by swat team is not an effective deterrant, especially to someone who might find that exciting.  our current laws are not protecting us adequately against mass murder.  of all protections we pay our government to protect us from, I'd say that one is pretty high.  The NRA experiment has long run its course.  i don't subscribe to their use case of a fully armed crowd shooting back at a sniper from a high rise hotel window  in vegas.   Time for a new experiment.", " I know most commenters are preoccupied with how to remove guns from the picture because it seems like a slam dunk solution but there is a lot more to it.  This man was obsessed with doing this thing and it took him a long time to prepare for it.  He had thought about doing this over and over many times before it happened.  Those who do not stand out tend not to attract attention. Twenty long guns, rifles, weigh a lot and cannot be carried by one person from a motor vehicle to a 32nd story room with one trip unless they are in a very large wheeled container.  So nobody noticed?  The sounds of the shooting were clearly automatic, too many bursts to be from individual trigger squeezes, besides it sounded like gun fire in an active battle zone.  So were some of the guns modified to fire automatically or was there an automatic weapon or machine gun used?  Guns are not cheap, automatic ones are illegal.  Seems like a lot of thought and planning preceded this event. Who suspected that he was intending to do this thing? Given that the family was unaware of his having guns and of having feelings about killing a lot of strangers, how long was this guy obsessing about this and planning for it? Would eliminating private ownership of guns prevent his obtaining them from illegal sources? Who knows? If law enforcement noticed that he amassed a score of rifles in a year or less would they have had probable cause to investigate? ", "So here's the argument for gun control. The 2nd amendment is now clashing with the 1st, the right to free speech. The ability to mass congregate and express free speech in light of weapons of mass destruction is being inhibited by the technology of rapid fire weapons which the authors of the constitution never contemplated. Our founding fathers being so brilliant would turn over in their graves if they thought their good intentions were being exploited for the profit of gun manufacturers or any other \"controlling\" interest. They wanted freedom--and that meant from ANY controlling interest!", "The most disturbing part of this act of terrorism is that there are still people in this country who do not think stricter gun regulations are necessary. What person has a need for an assault rifle? It is absolutely heartbreaking. ", "The time for \"thoughts and prayers\" is over.  And don't tell us \"this isn't the time to talk about gun control,\" because it never is.  Congress and President Trump, DO SOMETHING.  A government's most important responsibility is to afford a basic level of safety and security for its citizens.  If it cannot or will not do so, then that government ceases to be legitimate.  That so many Americans appear to think this is acceptable makes me feel nothing but contempt for so many of them.  As for those of you who believe that any restrictions on guns at all are too many, when it is your son or daughter lying there in the grave due to an untimely, gun-related death, please don't ask me for prayers or tears, because there won't be any.", "One thing I can't understand is why I don't ever recall hearing any law enforcement denounce the barely regulated possession of firearms.  You would think they would the first to not want to have armed citizens, which puts them in mortal danger on a daily basis; law-and-order Americans would then have to agree ...? ", "Shocking as this is, absolutely no legislation will come out of this , other than 'thoughts and prayers'.\nThe right-wing talk radio is already striking back at any suggestions that maybe we need some sensible gun laws.\nWe  see these repeated time and time again because as a Nation, we have decided that the Second Amendment is worth it(just ignore the 'well-regulated' part of it).", "And the stock prices of gun manufacturers tick up on the news, in case there's a limitation enacted on purchases in response. Blood profits. Completely disgusting. But there it is: if one's investment portfolio includes these companies, an event like today's mean more money in the bank. ", "Until gun violence is linked to guns, and until access to guns is restricted and controlled, this will continue. No other developed nation permits free access to guns. No other developed nation has a gun problem that's even remotely comparable to America's. When will the denial end?", "There are tens of thousands of multi-weapon homes in this country. I know a few men who own multiple firearms. They will argue all day long about how it's their right. These are not the most reasonable people I've met.  What could possibly go wrong?", "Here's a few questions for the media to ask on Wednesday, after they complete the basics about the shooter. \n\nHow many of the injured have health insurance?\nHow many have supplemental insurance to pay for recovery not covered by insurance?\nHow many of the people will lose their jobs and their health insurance because of their injuries?\nIf the Graham Cassidy bill had passed, would the people shot be denied new health insurance because they would now have a pre-existing condition?", "In the midst of this horrible tragedy, we are hearing stories of kindness and the best of humanity at this very sad time.  The police should be given much praise for their handling of this deadly situation.  Their alertness saved countless lives and they put their lives on the line every single day but this is the ultimate test of their bravery.\n\nStrangers helped strangers and friends put their lives on the line to save others.  This makes me so proud to be American and live in this great country.  We must pray for our nation and thank all those who are helping their fellow man at this horrendous moment.", "How do you get 20 rifles, including AR-15s, into a hotel room without anyone being suspicious? How do hotel windows get broken without an alarm going off somewhere?\nAs is the usual case, these events tend to create a new level of security concern, and we will design systems and checks based on the last incident.\nThat said, it seems impossible to predict or prepare for every potential incident that may occur in the future.\n\"Gun control\" is such a flash issue that it seems impossible to have even a meaningful, beginning conversation around guns and violence, let along any agreement on solutions.\nWe are destined for more of this unless we demand something be done.", "The only common denominator in these shootings is access to automatic weapons.  The administrations response, it's not the time to talk about it, mirrors their climate change response. Both which will get worse until we act to change the status quo. How many more deaths will be enough?", "The current two party system in the US is at the lowest stage of the history, where there are no bipartisanship for healthcare, infrastructure, taxes, military spending, science, gun control etc. sometimes I do feel other countries democratic systems are better than us. Even one party system on the condition that the party is good like China can even do much better than government.", "Put this on another NYTimes comment thread, but feel so strongly, will repeat here. Likely echoing many, but have to type out ... \n\nIf this hideous 'norm' was not reined in in the aftermath of Sandy Hook, I have no hope. That was the moment, nationally, to change direction on this perverse course, and yet again, politicians and gun rights zealots prevailed over the idea that dead first- and second-graders, tiny bodies carved up by automatic gunfire, was somehow, more acceptable than some type of rational preventive steps. \n\nOh, and as I recall, then neither was it 'the right time' to talk about it.\nChristmas was just 10 days away; it was the PERFECT time to talk about it.\n\nOf course, I am shaken, indeed heartbroken by events in Las Vegas.\nBut not surprised. And I have no hope, and am under no illusion a damn thing will change.\n\n~ 9/11 family member", "The GOP Republican Party with their GUN for all and the B.S 2nd Amendment baloney ( to pick up money fo the gun industry)   bears the whole responsibility and burden of these innocent deaths. GOP, go to hell!", "I don't know what the gunman's motivations were and I honestly don't care. The ONLY pertinent fact is that he had a notion to do something like this and the pervasive and entrenched gun culture in the US allowed him to actuate those deranged ideas.\nI live in Australia and if I took it into my head that I wanted to kill 60 people I would find it damn near impossible. A knife attack will only claim so many bodies before an attacker is taken out. A psychopath could try and build a bomb but then the research required to try and do that would likely alert their actions to the authorities. They could ram a car into a crowd of pedestrians as happened here in Melbourne in January but again the number of fatalities are way down, 6 people killed.\nThe bottom line is that while people may kill people, people with guns kill many many more people. It's simple math and all the second amendment BS in the world won't disguise that.\nStill, I don't expect anything to change. If Sandyhook didn't do it, nothing will.\nMakes me legitimately scared to spend time in the US again.", "Let's be very clear and cut the BS about guns. The only thing that hand guns and semi-automatic/automatic weapons are for is to kill people. Allowing people to own any of them without a very good cause is completely unreasonable. It's time to enforce the well-regulated militia part of the Second Amendment. The guns that are used to commit crimes don't start out illegal. They start out as legal weapons. The silly argument that if we severely restrict guns, only criminals will have them has literally no validity.", "Tired of calls for \"praying\". Weary of the talk of being \"strong\" and \"unbroken\". Get the damn military assault weapons designed for murdering lots of people quickly out of the hands of citizens.", "If it didn't change after Sandy Hook it's unlikely to change now. It's not just the NRA. Corporations and institutions have figured out how to game the Republic and get what they want, citizens be damned. Congress, the WH and even the Supreme Court have been bought and paid for. It will take an enormous political upheaval to change that. ", "Take the guns away and you don't have this or any of the thousands of other calamities and tragedies our country has.\nIt is time for extensive gun control but of course the NRA and the gutless politicians who suck on its tit would disagree.", "One commenter said he was just numb. Well, I'm mad as hell! Polls have shown that a strong majority want tighter gun laws, but even after Sandy Hook, the Republican Congress was crickets. Why? Because the NRA sees to it that they keep their cushy sinecures, fat paychecks, and various perqs, election after election after election. The names of Congresspeople who take NRA money, and how much they take, must be widely publicized--give us a list!--and their cursed silencer bill needs to go where the sun don't shine.", "I want to be clear in saying this before we know anything of the shooter's motivations or beliefs: there is nothing that this person felt or believed that would justify or explain the horror that was unleashed in Las Vegas yesterday.  There is no political philosophy or religion that has a monopoly on violence and cruelty, or on peace and rationality.  Too often these incidents become ways to underhandedly call out our political opponents when the perpetrators held some views in common with them.\n\nNeither liberalism nor conservatism are \"inherently violent\".  Neither are Islam or Christianity, or socialism or capitalism.  It's the warped individuals who make the decision to engage in acts like this that will filter what they want to hear from their movements and find the impetus to do so.  I'm on the political left myself, but nothing that Trump does or has done scares me as much as seeing young people - on both the left and right - using violent terms to discuss their opponents or insinuating that execution or political imprisonment is the best way to right the \"wrongs\" they have suffered.\n\nThis is what civil war would look like.  It's not a glorious struggle that vindicates your point of view and brings the sweeping change you imagined.  It's your friends and family dead in the streets.  It is sheer terror.  We may disagree politically but we all should be on the side of nonviolence.  The greatest threat to our unity is fear, and things like this are scary as hell.", "Let's stop calling this country \"the greatest nation in the world\".  Let's stop fooling ourselves that Trump or anyone else can \"make America great again.\"  This country is not great, and never will be as long as foolish gun advocates can manipulate our society into allowing guns to be legal, subsequently resulting in events like today's.  This country will never be great or even civilized as long as voters support legislators who advocate legalization of guns. I knew after the shooting in Connecticut when nothing was done after innocent children were slaughtered that this ridiculous country and it's racist, war-mongering, violence-condoning Congress was rapidly going to hell in a hand basket.  ", "I try to understand the right to own semi automatics; really I do.  But private ownership of such cray weaponry Makes No Sense.  ", "And when will this record be topped?  I'm so tired of hearing and reading about these incidents.  Why is the Second Amendment more important than our safety in public?  And why do a majority of our elected officials continue to listen to and seek the approval of the NRA rather than looking to protect us from tragedies like this?  \n\nNearly 60 people were slaughtered at a festival they were supposed to enjoy.  An entire crowd was terrorized and families and friends have once again needlessly lost someone they loved.  How many more times must this occur before something is done to stop it?  Sandy Hook and the murder of an entire class of first graders wasn't horrific enough to force our politicians to stop listening to the NRA.  Sadly neither will this be.\n\nI am more than sad to live in a country that counts the right to own a gun as more important than the right to be in public without fear of being murdered by a gun.  ", "Prohibit or regulate the indiscriminate sale of \"assault guns\" in this country!\nFor goodness sake! For all our sake!  This is stupid!", "Anything that comes out of the white house is fake. you can bet dollars to donuts if the shooter had been a Muslim, Trump would be wringing his tiny hands in a knot calling for stricter immigration laws. You can bet if the shooter man is a Democrat, Trump would stick out his pointy chin and blame Hillary for the problem. You can bet if the shooter man was connected to the left in any way, Trump would shake his orange hair in anger and point a finger at the fake media for not playing up that fact. ", "It's always instructive to see how the various news outlets are covering this:\n\nTimes has a page of coverage about attacks and an op ed piece about gun control.  CNN is similar, along with charts and a few more facts.\n\nFox News is already playing up the \"maniac\" angle, consistent with the conservative message that mental health is the problem.  Then there's an opinion piece about holding the politics and not talking about guns.\n\nBreitbart has a main article about the event then three articles about liberals overreacting and calling for gun control, purposely highlighting the idiots who said stupid things, because you can always find an idiot who said something stupid.  Then they go after Hillary, cause of course everyone hates Hillary.\n\nChoose your own adventure folks.", "Ignore the manipulative lying Briebart report of today's massacre.\nThey are anarchists bent on destroying any form of organized  government. They urge a free for all shoot em up world. They are liars in league with the the devil. In fact they are the devil personified.", "Vote Democratic in '20 and let's keep America safe from the: Mentally Unstable/ Convicted Felons and induce Psychological exams for anybody wanting to own any type of gun! The Republicans and the NRA( National Rifle Association) are to blame for this mass carnage! Wish Hillary Clinton would have on the president! These deadly shootings would have been limited!", "The firearm situation in the USA is nuts. Are you seriously going to let a single guy INJURE 500 PEOPLE and do nothing about it the next day?", "The Republican Party is killing us!\n\nThe totality insanity of WMD in private hands, courtesy of the Republican Party.", "How many more would have died if he was using a silencer? ", "Well, the mass murdering terrorist is a white male, so I'm sure he'll be labeled as   being mentally ill rather than the terrorist he is. ", "This is exactly the sort of violence trump has been advocating since his misbegotten candidacy for the presidency.....he will tap dance, equivocate and do anything other than admit his own actions and words could possibly have had anything to do with encouraging this sort of behavior. But I watched his performance during the primaries, I heard the things he said, often with obvious great pleasure on his part, not mine. Already his spin-doctors have begun their work - that of protecting a treasonous grifter from being held accountable for anything.. he is just like the white male/NOT Muslim/ who fired (at the very least) some 600 bullets into unsuspecting concert patrons, killing at least 58 of them ,wounding at least 600 others. And all trump could do was read, very poorly and with no emotion, a statement that someone else written for him. He is too busy planning for his next golfingvacation to care about the people of the country he is supposedly leading.", "Mr. Trump said, \u201cOur unity cannot be shattered by evil, our bonds cannot be broken by violence.\u201d Too late, Mr. President.\n\nYou have malevolently divided the country. You have used racism to fuel the rage of your mob. You suggested that \"second amendment people\" shoot Secretary Clinton. You have already broken our bonds.", "Geez seriously.  The son of a psychopathic convicted bank robber and compulsive gambler, becomes a compulsive gambler and speculator--note the real estate--doesn't seem to have very congenial relationships with others, except for a perhaps financial-transaction girlfriend--but he was *just a guy?*", "Isn't it time that the National Rifle Association be charged with terrorism? ", "It's time to adopt Canada's sane gun laws. Look them up.", "Any American can own a weapon of war--of mass destruction. That should be a chilling statement even to responsible gun owners.  To the Republican Party?  Youve distorted the 2nd Amendent fight to the point that  550 potential members of your base are either dead or badly injured due to this attack. The reckless aim of making ownership of assault weapons legal has come back to bite you like never in the past. No one is dear hunting with them.  And this guy learned to target shoot with his guns. Q is what were is end run targets?  Human being---Americans. Stop sitting on your hands.  We have the most barbaric law gun laws in the civilized world. Tell the NRA and Wayne LaPierre enough dying!", "41 guns.  What does someone need 41 guns for????  Now we know.  ", "You would think that the NRA fears events like this but they know better than most the gun sales spike after mass shooting. It is indeed a great day for the NRA and the gun peddlers they represent.", "If dead Sandy Hook didn't change anything then Las Vegas surely won't. We live in a sick world.", "Average annualized (2001-2014) American Death Statistic:\u00a0\u00a0\n* Armed toddles: 21\u00a0\u00a0\n* US citizens killed oversea by terrorists: 26\u00a0\u00a0\n* Lightning: 31\u00a0\u00a0\n* US citizens killed domestically by terrorists excluding 9/11: 31\u00a0(annualized)\u00a0\n* US citizens killed domestically by terrorists including 9/11: 217\u00a0(annualized)\u00a0\n* Lawnmowers: 69\u00a0\u00a0\n* Being hit by a bus: 264\u00a0\u00a0\n* Falling out of bed: 737\u00a0\u00a0\n* Total gun death (homicide, accident, suicide): 31435\u00a0", "Trump calls for unity, eh? Hmm ... I don't recall such calls when the shooters were not white. Shocking.", "Instead of \"largest massacre\" in US history, can imagine headline in The Onion: Thankful Nation Gives Thoughts and Prayers to Families of 58 2nd Amendment Sacrifices in the Largest Ever Expression of American Freedom", "Heartbroken here.  This was probably preventable.  People don't need assault weapons let alone multiples - what, he's the army?\n\nPlease please please - common sense gun control - it's insane to facilitate this, and worse, to put the onus on the majority, who don't own any guns, let alone assault weapons, yet we are subject to body searches and have to dump out our purses to go to the museum!\n\nWhat the heck Republicans!  You guys do NOTHING constructive.  And yes this is political.  Of course it is.  GOP lets children's health insurance run out but won't control weapons of mass destruction.\n\nNRA, you guys have become extremists.  We are not safer, we are not more free, we are not more \"patriotic\" because we can buy this stuff and use it on our fellow citizens.", "This is the fault of the NRA -- a terrorist organization -- and all those who enable it, especially the nation's elected officials. When you have a POTUS who brags about shooting someone in broad daylight on Fifth Avenue, and facing no consequences, what do people think will happen in this country? It's time to ban the NRA and vote out all who are beholden to it.", "No really, I just want us all as a nation to think about that is wrong in our country. Deeply. Do you see the narratives in the media? Why on Facebook, for example, this is not a trending #1 story? it's like #7 on the list, while the Orlando shooting was trending #1 for days, and the same for any other shooting or terrorist attack done by a loner mentally ill person who claims to follow Islam. \n\nWhy can't you all (those who falsely accuse Islam of wanting to kill \"infidels\" which is another made up completely false narrative made up by ignorants) think about this? I'm honestly afraid of anyone with mental health disturbances equally. Mental health problems + easy access to guns. \n\nAnyone who kills innocents is mentally disturbed, no matter their race, or religion. So please, stop fueling hatred towards particular groups of people.", "I made a mistake in my recent comment -- it wasn't 41 guns - it was \"over 20\".  My apologies.  ", "I am glad this was not an Arab, especially a Muslim Arab, or a Muslim from any other nation. I hope this individual has never been inside a Mosque, I hope he does not know any Muslim persons and has never read any Muslim materials on his computer or even has a Quran in his house. I am highly saddened and unhappy to see this carnage - regular folks razed down-, I am, however, glad, ecstatic that this guy's name was Stephen Paddock.", "   Praise the Lord for the 2nd amendment and the right to bear arms so that we can prevent such incidents from occurring...............", "I suppose the entire Republican Congressional leadership and members have to run their talking points by Wayne LaPierre of the NRA for approval, before they make any lengthy statements regard this tragedy.  ", "Trump calls it an act of evil....I say the act of evil has been a complicit Congress that absolutely refuses to stand up to the NRA. The 2nd Amendment wording has been twisted and perverted \"deliberately\" in order to generate MASSIVE profits enjoyed by the NRA and their lobbying arm for the gun manufacturers, the gun dealers and the putrid politicians from the Republican Party who are nothing more than paid off mouthpieces for the NRA.  ", "The slaughter of little children in Scotland and in America\ndid nothing for gun-laws in America.\n\nNeither did all the other massacres.\n\nI doubt, sadly,  this massacre will do anything.\n\nYou wonder how many more have to die before something is done ?", "Donald Trump said, \"We'll just let Obamacare fail.\" What we are witnessing is the repeated failure of the 2nd Amendment with every shooting spree, and it's past time to repeal and replace the 2nd Amendment to stop this senseless slaughter of innocent Americans whose deaths, far from watering the Tree of Liberty, are watering the Orchard of Idiocy that is our open distribution of military firearms.", "Can we talk about gun control now?\nNo?\nOkay... ", "Elsewhere in Las Vegas the usual daily carnage just goes on:\nMan shoots himself on U.S. 95 with 2 children in car\nMan shot, killed at southeast Las Vegas extended-stay hotel\nWoman shot, left for dead near downtown Las Vegas\n3 injured in machete fight, shooting in east Las Vegas\nSame around the rest of these United States.  When the canaries in the coal mine keep dying, and no one notices or cares...", "One man was able to kill or injure 500 people in a matter of minutes. And someone made money selling him the tools to do that. How can that possibly be right?", "Calling this evil is like blaming Satan. Let's blame the use of assault rifles and machine guns. Let's compromise on gun control. Ignoring the problem and praying for the victims hasn't changed anything. Civilians don't need some weapons of mass destruction. Let's try a new solution. What have we got to lose - not more lives.", "To Republicans, preserving the fallacy of the Second Amendment is far more important than human lives. Republicans are a far greater danger to Americans than ISIS. No amount of carnage is too much. Don't ever forget that.", "When an AR-15 high velocity bullet hits a body, trauma surgeons report the round explodes bone into hundreds of microscopic pieces or destroys whole parts of a victim's body. Maybe we need to start marching in the streets with photographs of that carnage, post them on billboards, mail them to Roy Blunt and others who take NRA blood money. Do something!", "Our present corrupt government, our white supremacist president and the NRA have turned our country into a barbarian shooting gallery. The Sandy Hook massacre should have been enough to begin our country's turn to\nREAL gun control: gun control like that that already exists in truly civilized countries -- of which ours apparently is Not one.\n  Guns are for hunting deer in season. They are not, and should not be, for home use, shopping or shooting people we just don't like when we are angry or insane.     But the NRA has bought and paid Congress to see to it that we all are armed and free to kill each other at will. This is evil and it must be stopped. The NRA and those in government who support them and fill their pockets with bribes must be stopped or living in this country is no longer tenable.", "I can't believe the NRA and gun enthusiasts still support having assault rifles which can be fit with large magazines and easily converted into long burst mode firing--unbelievable! Trump says this represents evil, however, this is evil with assault rifles. ", "Trump cannot comfort us with hollow words about unity and reference to prayer. His mission has been to divide our country. He has abdicated any semblance of compassion...of humanity. His cruelty towards the people of Puerto Rico, towards African Americans, towards Jews, towards anyone who is \"other\" in this multicultural country our ours is nauseating and frightening. \n\nAt this moment, he should shut up and instead take action if he wants to redeem himself in any way in the face of this latest atrocity which anyone with a brain can track to Fox News, the NRA, and the GOP for their heinous lies, deceptions, and paranoid conspiracies. \n\nNow, at this tragic moment, the only people we can trust to listen to are the first responders, the hospital staff, the good samaratins who in the face of unimaginable horror ran back to help others. Just as is the case in Puerto Rico. And we are listening hard to those few members of Congress who are bravely (and, yet again) saying the time for praying is over, it is time only for ACTION. ", "To the Victims of this Tragedy, We Send Our Thoughts and Prayers.\n\nSame old song. Everyone sing along (again):\n\nhttps://youtu.be/5hdX1MUOgQw", "Dear Donald Trump:\n\nAn \"act of pure evil\" is continuing to allow weapons with more and more murderous capability to be sold.  ", "2nd amendment people had muskets!! As it was always an amendment isn't it time to amend again!", "So much for the \"open carry\" is protection theory. Didn't work here......", "The rampant carnage will continue in the US as long as the NRA continues to bribe politicians of every persuasion with large electoral donations. ", "The only thing I find odd or surprising about this whole story is that the guy lived in Mesquite, Texas and then moved to Mesquite, Nevada.", "I am going to attach blame for our latest disasters.  I blame Republicans for climate change and man's contribution to it as they advocate for filthy fossil fuels.  I blame the right wing denying man's contribution to this human life and planet destroying science affirming reality.  Houston, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands and hundreds more disasters from tornadoes, to hurricanes, floods and droughts I lay at the feet of these Republicans so big oil can line Republican pockets with cash.  As usual it is all about the money.  The Trump presidency It is milking the US of all the cash it can get away with no matter how unethical and allegedly illegal it might be.\n\nI blame the Nevada massacre on ridiculously lax gun laws.  Nevada, the capital of sin city, has an open carry law except in casinos of course.  Assault rifles are not illegal.   No one needs an automatic or semi-automatic assault rifle much less Congress to vote on allowing silencers! These are weapons of war not for civilians carrying them to create mayhem on their own innocent people.  The NRA is a moral sewer and Trump is their biggest supporter.  Shame on them and him! \n\nCan you imagine Las Vegas if the shooter had silencers on his weapons? If one cannot see the shooter one can at least hear from where the shots may be coming. A silencer would make that impossible. The remedy is to take Republicans, defeat them by the hundreds all over the nation in 2018 and finally let science and sanity prevail!", "He described Mr. Paddock as seeming like \u201ca normal fellow, a normal guy \u2014 nothing out of the ordinary.\u201d\n\nI believe that. We all have a dark side, apparently; it seems that everyone is totally surprised when their friendly neighbor turns out to be Jack the Ripper. Jacks live among us, work by our sides, and are in the car next to us. Oh, no, you say; they are one in a million, and no one that I know. Okay, keep your head in the sand. Robert Louis Stevenson vividly depicted this psychological dynamic in his novel \"Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde,\" but you thought it was just a scary book for entertainment purposes only. Freud warned us, too; but we never believe it till it happens. It's just too upsetting to even consider; so let's send out thoughts and prayers and carry on as normally as possible. Maybe you have to in order to live in our society filled with human time-bombs.\n\nI recommend full psychological evaluations annually for all adults in America. Takes away some of our freedom? Yeah. Costs a lot? Yeah. What's your quick easy fix? Our lives depend upon a solution -- the sooner, the better.", "Anyone want to talk about gun control?  Or is it too soon?  Maybe we should just pray for the victims and their families and have a moment of silence.  ", "Eric Paddock is a liar.  I am sure he immediately thought about all the weapons his Dad used as a bank robber and the fact that some were probably unrecovered.  \n\nIt is however true that he may not have known before hand that his brother knew or discovered where they were hidden. Or maybe not.\n\nJust one more point in favor of the old Roman policy of executing whole families down to the youngest leaf.  Not nice but helped quell uprising and repeat crime families. Good for global warming now -- fewer carbon footprints fewer mouths to feed.", "We need to consider this mass killing from the point of view of its role as a \u201creply\u201d in the ongoing dialogue with Trump on the nature of the biggest threats to our national security and safety.  What immediately jumps out is the demographic profile of the shooter.  A Muslim?  A member of ISIS?   A Mexican rapist or drug dealer that Trump\u2019s desired wall is supposed to keep out?  A terrorist with internet connections to terrorist or hate groups?\nThe shooter is none of these.  In fact the profile he fits is of a Trump voter. A 64 year old white guy, an all American American.  No immigrant this guy. This is the demographic of the killer in the deadliest mass shooting in our history.\nIf the shooter wanted to make a statement about who the biggest threat to our safety and security is, he did so by simply being who he is and what group he is a member of.  He completely undercuts Trumps fear mongering and blaming of the \u201cother\u201d.  It\u2019s not some foreigners who threaten our security. It reminds me of a poster protesting the Vietnam was that was on the wall of my girlfriend\u2019s apartment back in college in the early 70\u2019s whose caption read, \u201cWe\u2019ve met the enemy and the enemy is us.\u201d  Trump needs to look in the mirror, he is the greatest threat to our security we have.", "Mental illness kills people every day, and even when a public massacre takes place it's still not addressed and taken seriously. The why's turn quickly to assessing blame, and it's anything other than the person who was sick.  I have a family member whom I fear will one day do something like this, and everyone I've reached out to for help ignored me, including the authorities.", "I am in Canada. We look south to see a country that allows any person with a grudge, or someone who is mentally ill to arm themselves and kill multiple people at random. Americans need to wake up.This is all predictable and will keep happening. I despair at what it will take for Americans to demand that laws be changed and to get control of the guns that are ruining your country. Apparently blowing away a class of 6 year olds wasn't motivation enough.What will it take? Your reckless President continues to inflame anger and divide people. Anger and guns are a disaster waiting to happen. ", "How did one person get pass hotel security at check-in with that much luggage for a 3 day stay. 19 rifles!? Scopes, Tripods. No red flags, no \"profiling\"?  Oh yeah, he was a white,male and a senior who loved to gamble, his only \"profile\"  was on the casino win/loss page!  Guns are not the issue, there is a moral abyss in this world.. Trucks run down pedestrians, people bully and curse in public and attack people verbally, we profile only \"those\"people... 'EVERYTHING\" is  broadcast live even someone bleeding to death in his car or what we saw last night ...victims of mass shootings! This is the 2017 world we live in...someone on the brink, on the edge only needs 19 rifles, two scopes and a room on the concierge level.", "Yes, this is terrorism.  However, I no longer care what motivates these shooters.  I care that they no longer have access to weapons.  Without weapons, their rants and hate, insecurity and outrage will be just that.  With weapons, their problems become our problems.  It's time for our failure of a legislature to revoke sale of assault weapons of all kinds, institute a national database of existing gun owners, allowing the restriction of the number of guns a person can buy.  It's time to recognize that guns DO in fact kill people.  Enough.", "Let's make it a threat to the politicians running for office. If you accept any money at all from the NRA, you will not receive our votes.", "Some people make money by selling high capacity weapons to people who can never use them for hunting or for self defense. The moral outrageousness of that fact is indisputable. ", "When the man in the White House uses angry, aggressive, hostile language to attack anyone who disagrees with him, he fosters a climate of violence.  While this horrible crime may not be a direct result, his behavior suggests that violent attacks are a reasonable way to vent frustration.  ", "This is just the kind of tragic situation for which Trump has made himself irrelevant with his decades of insensitive comments and boorish behavior. Even in the face of all this suffering I'm loathe to listen to his messages. I'll look to others of strong moral character for strength, hope and compassion.\n\nAnd as for gun control... I'm waiting for anyone who sees common sense gun control as anti-American to tell me that this awful event could have been thwarted by someone else legally carrying a gun.", "The shooter's father was a bank robber on the ten most wanted list and was a more than average gambler. These two factors, I believe, led to his mental illness. It is the only answer as to \"why?\" \n\nAnother solid reason why congress has to block the sale of semi and automatic weapons that were designed for the military solely to kill humans.\n\nHunters will get by using regular rifles to kill one deer at a time.", "20 rifles? Hundreds of rounds of ammunition? There is only one group in this country that ensured such madness: the NRA.", "\"\u201cHe has no military background or anything like that,\u201d he added. \u201cHe\u2019s a guy who lived in a house in Mesquite and drove down and gambled in Las Vegas.\u201d\nHe said Stephen Paddock had recently texted him to ask how their mother was faring after Hurricane Irma.\"\n\nSo ... his father was a serial bank robber, and when a hurricane hits the place where his mother lives, all he does is ... sending a text message to his brother.\n\nIt seems as if the shooter had to grow up in a criminal environment, where even his own mother wasn't able to create a loving mother-son relationship. \n\nIt ended up making him totally crazy. \n\nWHEN is our society going to take truly care of children growing up in toxic environments? When are we going to start investing in systematically training children and adults in self-respect, self-compassion and empathy, at school and on the work floor? \n\nHow many innocent people will still have to die before we get it and FINALLY start taking emotional well-being seriously, rather than focusing on material wealth and telling our kids that that's what defines \"success\" in life? \n\nIt's not that we don't know how to be in great emotional \"shape\": science has shown that all kinds of regular meditation practices are exactly what allows people to be in good mental and emotional shape. \n\nSo all that is needed now is a cultural paradigm shift, where we stop seeing people who lack kindness towards themselves and others as being \"ill\", and understand that they need proper training", "How will the NRA respond to \"if good guys had gun they would have prevented the attack\" when most people had no idea where the attack was coming from?", "Mr. Trump, we have no national unity on this issue.  Many of us want \"well-regulated\" gun possession as called for in the Constitution.  Many of us want the gun industry to keep selling guns.  I am of the former, because I don't want to see my country kill itself.", "The reason this is allowed to happen is that the politicians are in the pockets of the NRA.  They must get high dollar \"donations\" from the NRA which makes them beholden to them.\nAuto and semi-auto weapons should have never been allowed to the general public.  They are weapons designed for the battlefield, not the public square.\nWhen will these so-called representatives of the people come to their collective senses and dump the NRA and listen to the great majority of our citizens?\nI am not an anti-gun fanatic.  I have owned a rifle and a pistol but only for target shooting.\nI would beg Congress to make owning an automatic or semi-automatic rifle or pistol illegal. But I just don't have the money the NRA does to convince them of that.\nThanks, NRA, you have done a superb job of making the gun manufacturers very wealthy.  And, of course, they add to your coffer also.", "The US mass shooting laundromat:\n1. Mass shooting in US provokes national and international outrage.\n2. Rational people call for more gun control, especially of military style assault weapons.\n3. NRA calls to resist calls for more gun control, especially of military style assault weapons, silencers, high-capacity magazines, hollow-point bullets etc.\n4. Politicians do NOTHING.\n5. Country goes back to frustration, gridlock and willful amnesia on any meaningful gun control to prevent mass shootings.\n6. Rinse and repeat ad infinitum. ", "Will Trump oppose the \"Silencer\" Bill going thru Congress which would allow Silencers on guns like the one used in Las Vegas.  Not much empathy here for Las Vegas.  If the people want guns....let them live with the consequences.", "And there is a bill being moved forward by the Republicans in Congress to allow for silencers on those who purchase guns. If this bill goes through, someone can shoot loads before anyone knows where the shots are coming from. When we did nothing as a country about managing gun sales even after 5 and 6 year olds where massacred in Connecticut, I knew this country had lost it's soul. Shocked? Yes because every time this happens no one should become accustom to it. More shocked that we as a nation continue to promote violence as a way to solve problems. Unrestricted gun sales is a message makes it that much easier. Everyone who is numb, shocked, outrage should demand that the NRA stop promoting unlimited access to guns. Everyone who is shocked should examine our fascination with violence filled television, movies, and electronic media. No one should have to die so senselessly because we continue to be apathetic or gun-ho about so called 2nd Amendment rights. ", "Thoughts and prayers to the victims and families. However, as my shirt from Organizing for America says - \u201cOur thoughts and prayers are not enough. Sensible gun laws can save lives.\u201d  Like in most other nations. Most Americans are in favor of better background checks, closing gun show and internet sales loopholes, preventing domestic abusers access to guns, preventing someone purchasing guns for others, limiting clip size, etc. \n\nNRA\u2019s Wayne LaPierre\u2019s good guy with a gun theory didn\u2019t help this (or most) times. And now they are pushing to enact laws to allow silencers for rifles to \u201cprotect shooters hearing\u201d.  I grew up in a rural area that took gun safety and responsibility seriously and ear protectors work just fine. What if the shooter had a silencer? More people would have been killed before anyone realized what was going on and it would have been a lot harder to locate the shooter.  \n\nPolice may be more aggressive now because a lot more people they confront have guns on them, in vehicles and homes than a few decades ago. \n\nThis guy was white, apparently had no political or religious agenda and no serious law violations. So no one can express outrage at any religion, race or extremist group. But it was terrorism. And sadly it only takes one seemingly good guy with a gun to point it at someone and pull the trigger.  The overly broad interpretations of the poorly authored 2nd amendment need to be revised.  Citizen safety and common sense laws before gun sale profits. ", "No, Mr. President, God helps those who help themselves. Why can you not find the courage to say 'no' to those who want more guns?", "To misterbianco of PA and\n   Sara G of NY,\n\nI did not say that we we should not have a discussion about gun control but just not at this very second.  We have had at least 58 people brutally gunned down and hundreds more injured some seriously, and we should be thinking of the carnage and deaths lost at this terrible terrible time.  There are people politicizing this like yourselves and it is disgusting.  Show some compassion.", "The AR-15-style semi-automatic rifle is the most widely sold firearm in the US. It is not difficult to convert it to a full-automatic military grade weapon, which is illegal but done by some gunsmiths with a wink and a nod. It is also within the capability of anyone with relatively basic mechanical skills and the right tools. How many full-automatic assault rifles are in the hands of civilians? We must assume that if someone owns such a weapon it is with the intent of using it when they believe it's justified, just as this mass murderer did.", "Blame the lobbyists of the gun manufacturers. Who are they exactly?\nAnd why do they have so much power over our laws and lives?\nThey weren't elected.", "I just heard NPR story quote the murderer's brother:\n\n\". .. He was rich ...\".\n\nRight.", "Thanks NRA.\n\nHe couldn't have done it without YOU.", "Yawn, what's new America.... mass shooting.... express thoughts and prayers... sympathies.... some brief mention about gun control.... NRA puts out statement to say that there would have been more victims under gun control..... repeat....", "Whether the debate is which particular weapon or guns in general, there are no ears for compromise or even discussion.  But there are more than two sides to this story. The manufacturer, the distributor, the retailer, the consumer, the non-consuming advocate, the advertiser, the politician, the political party, the investor, the hobbyist, the lobbyist. And the victim, themselve and whose family might still be among the above.  Somewhat of an imbalance. ", "How many more?", "Gun fans: we don't want to take away your guns.  Or your right to protect yourselves.  We are just asking for some common sense.  Is there a valid reason for a private individual to have a 'silencer'?  Maybe they are good for hunting?  Well if so, can we devise a way so that a silencer can only be use on a (hunting) rifle)?  Otherwise, there should be no reason for a private individual to have a silencer that could work on say a pistol or a semi-automatic.  As for semi's and auto's (which I think I heard are generally, if not completely illegal?), did I not hear however that semi's and auto's made before a certain year are 'grandfathered', and can still be sold from person to person?  Again, why is this even allowed?  Why aren't all auto's and semi's that are known to be in the hands of Private Citizens, taken from them?  There is simply NO reason for a private individual to have a semi or auto.  What about for legal gun and ammo purchases?...is every purchase added to some kind of a database, which is then intelligent enough to study buying patterns and raise a red flag, say if one person has purchased 10 legal weapons, and hundreds of rounds of ammo, within just the past year?  Shouldn't there be a system in place to look for things like that, and alert the authorities??  Whenever one person is buying up a quantity of weaponry, one needs to question it.  \n\nWhich is more important, your 'right' to own a large collection of guns, or  us erring on the side of caution??", "Unbelievable. It's natural to ask: How could somebody do this. Yet, nowadays, we need to ask a more horrible question: With so many guns available to so many angry people, why wouldn't anyone with a lot of anger and nothing left to lose not do something like this?  Welcome to a new season of Trump-Reality.", "As long as American law allows elected officials to take money in relation to how they vote, this is our nation. ", "Faith, the core American virtue. America is unique in the trust that its' citizens and government place upon their  fellow Americans. Given the ubiquity of firearms and easy assess by all, Americans have no qualms that their neighbors can kill them on a  whim. Guns find themselves in the hands of toddlers and geezers, gangbangers and clock punchers, the sane and the psychotic, but Americans don't let a few mishaps undermine their faith. As a child of immigrants, i have struggled to be American but haven't been able to fully find that complete trust in my fellow citizens. Anywhere else, the deaths of a few would undermine the faith and trust of the many. The strength of American faith is so great that over 30,000 deaths a year is not enough to weaken it. And these 58 surely will not. I wish I could be more American, but alas, I am of little faith. Perhaps it is because I had too much rice and stir-fry instead of burgers and apple pie. Perhaps it is some personal weakness. Perhaps I am not drinking enough Kool-aid.", "I was saddened to see the terrible shooting in Las Vegas yesterday.   With Trumps daily anger  and bullying  on the daily increase  these shooters are going for more people in their sites.  We did not have this during 8 years of President Obamas terms.  I hope the GOP will stop being afraid of the NRA and gun lobbyists and do the right thing take guns out of our society.  The police and military should only have weapons.  ", "There never seems to be a good time to state an opinion in favor of or take action on gun control.  If this is not it, then when?  The next time a mass shooting occurs? Two weeks after the blood has been moped up?  The third Tuesday in August?  On your birthday, but only when it's a leap year?  Exactly when are we supposed to have this conversation?  ", "Going by the evidence, the guy had some serious thoughts of committing violence. \n\nThe windows on 32nd floor, facing the concert, bringing a hammer to break the windows, the gun purchases last year.  This wasn't a spontaneous act but a premediated one.  \n\nI don't agree with liberals and NYT readers saying it's terrorism.  Terrorism is using violence or fear for a political, religious, or ideological aim.  Going by the actual definition of \"terrorism\" this is not terrorism.  There was no manifesto but more investigation needs to be done to uncover if there's any. \n\nThis was a guy who harbored strong feelings of hate, callousness, or despair, some negative emotion for over a year, and it all bubbled out.  What caused it?  Events last year? Or maybe a general hate of society.  No one knows yet, and maybe we'll never know. ", "I wonder if these mass shootings are uniquely American. Rather than fly the flag at half mast, it may be more appropriate to fly it upside down because if our country was ever in distress, now is the time. Something must be done to prevent this from happening again. We are better than this. At least I hope we are.", "We are being held hostage by the NRA.", "Ronald Reagan, Ford, Carter on assault weapons ban:\n\n\"While we recognize that assault weapon legislation will not stop all assault weapon crime, statistics prove that we can dry up the supply of these guns, making them less accessible to criminals. We urge you to listen to the American public and to the law enforcement community and support a ban on the further manufacture of these weapons.\"", "We don\u2019t know what his original plan was, but he didn\u2019t know, solicit, or trust anyone to cooperate with him in carrying this out.", "To Sarah Huckabee Sanders, President Trump, Congress, and the Supreme Court: Gun control is not a political issue but a PUBLIC HEALTH issue. Why can't we as a country have a conversation about it whenever we want\u2014not when you decide the time is \"right\"?", "If you need any further evidence that We the People don't matter one tiny bit any more, this is it. Most people want some kind of gun control, whether it involves a well-regulated militia or a series of specific laws, regulations and actions to cut back on the sea of guns in the hands of the disgruntled, paranoid and fearful. The only \"person\" who wants more guns is the lobbying group that knows that they've maxed out the number of new weapons normal people could possibly want, and they can only sell guns by selling more guns and accessories to the same plain crazy few who can never have enough.", "Devastating for the USA, but for the rest of the world a stark reinforcer about the wisdom and necessity of strong gun control.", "The Congress should immediately scuttle possible legislation on silencers. What would have happened if the crowds of people had not heard gunshots--just saw people inexplicably falling? That's what would have happened if the shooter had used silencers.", "ISIS (or some entity claiming to be ISIS) is now trying to capitalize on this act uncontrolled rage by claiming it is an act of terrorism carried out in their name. Everyone who is calling this a terrorist attack instead of recognizing it as a mass shooting that needed no cause other than to harm others (not unlike road rage throwing rocks off an overpass) are playing into the hands of actual terrorist organizations. Moreover, they are assisting the domestic lobbyists, politicians, and unrestricted gun access advocates who would love to avoid responsibility for policies that make these mass shootings commonplace in America. There is no evidence that this was anything other than a disturbed American with easy access to high powered weapons losing control of his emotions long enough to satisfy a blood lust before killing himself (which no Islamic martyr would do). This is just another senseless act of violence in a senseless gun culture. Going after terrorists will do nothing to stop it.", "Had the military arsenal possessed by the shooter to murder been under the control of a \"well regulated militia\" as required by the plain language of the Constitution 58 innocents would not be dead and no one's rights would have been violated.", "I'm a veteran (U.S. Marine Corps) and am horrified that assault rifles are sold in this county to civilians.  They have no use outside the military.  Even in the military, they are kept locked in the armory unless you are at the rifle range or on maneuvers, and when you are on maneuvers, you carry blanks, not live rounds.  These weapons are far, far too dangerous to make available to just anyone with $400 burning a hole in their wallet.", "Country music, Nevada, gambling, guns ... the next time people put a cross next to their NRA funded Republican candidate, for Congress, for the Senate, for Governor, for state legislatures, for sheriff etc etc ... or even Trump, they should pause to think of the dead and injured people, their families and friends, just for a moment. And remember, the Las Vegas Review Journal was one of the very few newspapers to endorse Trump for President in 2016. ", "White House: \"Now is not the time to talk about gun control.\" Pray tell, when would be a good time to talk about gun control? We have a bunch of spineless cowards in Congress. Not their problem.", "A breathtaking tragedy. The next tragedy will be how the NRA spins it....and gets away with it.", "I'm no longer shocked by these incidents.  We as a society have made the decision that mass killings as a result of military grade weapons and ammunition are an acceptable risk because we believe ownership of these weapons is more important than any attempt to restrict access and ownership of these weapons.    Until the population elects politicians at every level who are willing to take on the gun lobby, mass shootings will continue.   Luckily, just as the giant lottery is likely to be won by someone other than you, the people killed and wounded in these events are also likely to be someone else - that must be what people are counting on.  There really is nothing more to be said about the matter.", "more gun laws. less extremist pols.", "I can't decide what is most disturbing about this.\n\n--That what's shocking is that it's no longer shocking\n--That CNN et al now report on such incidents as though they're sporting events\n--That I'm waiting for someone like Wayne LaPierre to start with how the only thing that'll stop a bad guy with 19 weapons is a good guy with 19 weapons (or would he refer to 19 good guys with one each?)\n--That so much coverage is always given to the perpetrators (mightn't they lose motivation if they knew they'd be ignored?) and comparatively less to their victims\n--That this guy having been unknown to police will not do anything to temper the argument that the \"issue\" is not the availability of firearms but that certain people shouldn't have them\n\nToo many options.", "Since the \"fake news\" cannot be trusted, I'd like to see the Fox News show dollar value of medical expenses for all gun violence related expenses.  Perhaps we can tax the ammo and weapons to offset the medical costs the same way cigarettes are taxed to support partial medical costs.\n\nIn Michigan, the auto insurance pays for full medical cost related to the auto related injuries.  Why not collect tax to offset gun related medical costs?", "Should all of us gun-haters join the NRA and force it to conform to our views?", "I've completely given up and am convinced now, more than ever, that nothing will ever be done about this.  These mass shooting will never stop.  This is our reality now; the new normal.  \"Record breaking\" shootings will continue on and on, year after year.  Any potential \"solution\" would only be met with the fiercest of resistance and we should all just resign ourselves to that fact.  I personally can't wait for when me or my family members get to experience a mass shooting in person.  Should only be a matter of time.", "Please tell me why when a white man commits mass murder, we have to question whether he was a \"terrorist\"?? What else would you call him? Please NYT, this man was a terrorist. Tell it like it is. ", "Assuming the shooter was deranged, was his act an \u201cact of pure evil\u201d?  Or was the permitting of the deranged access to such an Arsenal, the \u201cact of pure evil\u201d?", "American parents need to send their kids to college in other countries. Maybe when the kids come back, if they do, they can change America's racist, violent culture. At least they will be safe while overseas. ", "Hey Americans news flash: Guns do kill people.", "...while our vapid, soul-less, empathically dead president Tweets his \"warmest condolences\".  \n\nAs Adam Gopnik noted today, who sends warmest anything to the families of murder victims? Our half-wit, despotic \"president\" does, that's who. \n\nTom Petty didn't die of a heart attack. He died of disgust. ", "American terrorism, thank you NRA and spineless politicians.", "Wayne LaPierre said, \"The only thing that can stop a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun.\"\n\nUm, NRA? Care to comment?", "I guess it's time people start wearing bullet proof vest and body armor when they leave their houses or attend an event, welcome to America!", "I found the following on the BBC News website:\n\n\"Nineteen rifles were found in the 32nd-floor hotel room that Paddock checked into last Thursday, along with hundreds of rounds of ammunition, US media report.\"\n\n19 rifles were found in the hotel room of the killer. How do you smuggle in 19 rifles and hundreds of rounds of ammunition into a hotel without being caught?\n\nDon't hotels, convention centres, and rock concerts check people for guns or is checking infringing on their constitutional right to bear arms?", "\nSo, this maniac turned his hotel room into an arsenal.\n\nAnd no one at the hotel noticed?", "Whose fault is this? One psychopath and everyone that defends gun laws. Shame on you all.", "OK, guys, I need some guidance here.\n\nAlex Jones: This looks suspciously like a false flag, doesn't it?\n\nNRA: The Second Amendment is on our side here, isn't it?\n\nSteve Bannon: The deep state has risen again, hasn't it?", "I don't care anymore. ", "Father of shooter is a documented psychopath.  Apple/Tree.......", "Why can't the Times write that the shooter was Caucasian? He was a white male. Say it. Because if the gunman had been any other color than white it would have been said. ", "Now the Republicans are insisting the weapons used in the assault were illegal, therefore the call for gun legislation is misplaced. That's apparently their ace in the hole on this most recent massacre. \n\nLike all Republican arguments however, it's vile, uninformed and ridiculous. Even IF the weapons used in Las Vegas turn out to have been acquired illegally\u2014which has NOT been determined, so what? The point is, we have a lunatic gun culture in the United States--thousands of gun shows, mail order guns, etc. It is not illegal to put material on the internet instructing people how to convert legal arms into fully auto weapons and our utterly lax restrictions on guns ALSO fuel the underground and illegal trade in guns. \n\nSmall wonder America is the one stop shopping center for all the major drug cartels, (sometimes aided and abetted by our own government, as in the Fast and Furious debacle).  The absolute blood bath in the developing world is due to Republican efforts to export and universalize the 2nd Amendment lunacy causing so much horror in the US. We are the major source of small arms for the wars of insurgency tearing Africa, Latin America and other areas to pieces. The Republican greed for money above all else is responsible not only for the carnage in America but for a global catastrophe.   The insanity and horror of the 2nd Amendment is only seen in part in events like Las Vegas. It's MUCH bigger than that. ", "Calls for gun control will fall on deaf ears. Nothing meaningful will be done The NRA rules. Killing children in Ct killing scores in Vegas meaningless to Wayne and his ilk.", "Trump isn't saying much because the perp is white", "I'm sure the NRA will claim that if all of the twenty-odd thousand concert-goers had their own guns they could have stormed the casino and... saved... lives...?\n\nThis needs to stop now. The NRA, supported by every single Republican politician, is responsible for more American deaths by far than any foreign terrorist organization.", "Think of the thousands of lives that could be saved if we simply build a wall that liberals oppose to reduce the inflow of drugs from Mexico.\nThe same liberals are using the tragic shooting and killing of 58 people in Las Vegas to promote their gun control agenda.\nSuch Hypocrisy! ", "Another victory for the NRA.", "Funny how Donny and all his supporters are calling this an evil act, how this is something done by a deranged person, etc, if the person's name had been abullah Mohammad Trump would be screaming about his travel ban and the evil of Islam, his supporters would be out with every anti immigrant/Islamic thing they could think of, but because it was done by a native, white American of a certain age, it must of course have been a sadly deranged person, since\n\"real americans\" could never commit a terroristic act. Fox News types are already saying we can't rush to judgement, we don't know what his motives were, we don't know how he got his weapons, and we can't know if it was terrorism...when in fact it likely was. An angry person can do a lot of things, shoot up an employer, shoot up a nightclub they got kicked out of of, etc, but someone who checks into a hotel with a cache of arms, gets a room overlooking a crowd and fires at them with everything they got, that is terrorism....but you aren't gonna hear it from homeland security, from Donnie or any of his nitwit base. ", "Someone tell Trump and Bannon that THIS is what \"American carnage\" looks like.", "This is the worst terrorist action after 9/11 and people are just focusing on gun control??????Look at the photos of innocent populations running for their life and we are shy of calling the killer a terrorist?????It takes a Muslim name to bring terrorism into the news. Shame.  Billions of dollars were spent on war on terror efforts, but we blindly ignored domestic terrorism, unless he or she is Muslim.  Democracy dies in darkness!", "Regardless of what happens in the U. S. I'm planning to return in the not too distant future, after living for some years in the Caribbean.  The U. S. is still the best country in the world to live in, and to fulfill your dreams, regardless of these maniacal shootings that continue to unravel.  ....\"As it was in the days of Noah, so shall it be in the days of the coming of the Son of Man\"......let us not forget that just prior to the flood.....\"the earth was filled with violence\".....\"and it repented The Lord that he mad made man, and it grieved Him at his heart\"......again, regardless of what happens in the future I'm going back to \"The Land of Zion\"........", "As the prospects for the Middle Class under the Republicans dwindle, as the social safety net is shredded and the greed and stupidity of Republicans becomes the unshakeable mantra in America, as increasing numbers of severely damaged veterans return from America's sadistic wars, more and more people lose their jobs, their homes, everything so that Trump's wealthiest of the wealthy can stuff more money in their pocket. Increasing numbers of the defunct working class will migrate to the fringes and become candidates for mass shootings of this kind. We're going to see more and more of this as America unravels. It's inevitable.  ", "Next, we will have copycat killers. \n\nWhat a horrible mass murder. \n\nDomestic Terrorism is now older, white males. \n\nFox News will blame Hillary.", "Profiteers worship guns and the innocent are sacrificed for those blood-soaked dollars", "Where is the outrage?  Sandy Hook didn\u2019t wake us up and neither did Orlando. What will it take? The second amendment was written when there were muskets. Why do we love guns so much here in Murrica.? Why do mostly republicans bend the knee to the NRA?", "Thank you Trump & NRA! Your support of 2nd Amendment is the primary cause of this tragedy!\n\nYour hands are full of blood just the same as the shooter.", "I agree with BBO of Arizona whose comment is a Times Pick. \n\nNo silencers, no automatic weapons for civilians. Is that too much to ask? \n\nBased on the growing popularity of both in the US, it seems it is.", "I don't have liberty or freedom, if I need to be constantly aware and watchful for idiots shooting guns.  Where is the \"freedom\" caucus when we need them?  \"Give me liberty or give me death.\"  Yes, death due to lack of gun control.", "This is Donald Trump's America, the law and order bum, so called president. He is a cold man lacking empathy for anyone and he has stowed divisions in this country for years now. He managed to get back to the White House for his response, he spent another weekend excursion on his golf course in Bridgewater. He can't even use the correct adjective in one tweet; the word should be \"deepest\" and not \"warmest\" condolences. This massacre is chickens coming home to roost. A \"lone wolf gunman\" (translation: white male terrorist) opens fire on a crowd and no one will say domestic terrorism but they are looking to attach Islamic terrorist to this white male sniper killers name. White male terrorists like Dylann Roof, Adam Lanza, and this guy are home grown killers. Again, this is Donald Trump's America that he will make great again. \n\nI am a black female who supports the 2nd Amendment so there is no need for the NRA of which I am not a member to say this white man was crazy, deranged, suffering from some mental deficiency. Not all gun owners are members of the NRA either.\n\nNow the people of the Caribbean, the people of color (Puerto Rico and the USVI) will be pushed to the side again because a white man murdered innocent, mostly white concert goers. Trump can go to Vegas two days later but two major category 5 hurricanes in the Caribbean hit 3-4 weeks ago and nothing but attacks from Trump. Donald Trump only cares about people who look like him, mainly white men. ", "Maybe guns really do kill people, after all. ", "What happened is actually OK with people who vote Republican.  If there is a political party which has the will to change the reality we see, then let people vote for individuals who represent that party.  Until then, please spare us your stuffed teddy bears, your phony shock, your phony numbness, your phony sympathy, and especially your phony prayers.", "Worst shooting in U.S. history, so far...\n\nRepublicans have a bill in the house to end restrictions on silencers for guns!\n\nThe SHARE bill.\n\nSHARE the terror!", "Good thing POTUS is worrying about the real issue of Muslims coming into our country. God forbid even one life is taken by a terrorist disguised as a refugee.\n\nSorry for the flippant sarcasm. A heart can break only so many times.", "As the NFL owners and players engage destruction of one American pastime Is it ISIS making a statement about another pastime?  So tragic. Is the swamp's political correctness capable of stopping the madness? ISIS and Washington infighting are numbing. ", " Breitbart News has a tag line, \"Country Music Fans Targeted\"\n- I only pray the shooter wasn't a professed liberal -", "These murders are obviously tragic but even more tragic is that liberals are using this to promote their gun control agenda.  ", "While campaigning Trump asked for a complete ban on Muslim immigration until the government figures out what is going on. Why not a complete ban on gun sales until the government figures out what is going on?", "Americans  are  breeding their own  terrorists and  the  NRA is making  sure  they are well-armed. ISIS would be  envious of  our self-inflicted  death toll. The  US   destabilized Latin  America  and  the  Middle  East and  turned Vietnam, Cambodia,  and  Laos  into  free  fire zones. A bully who is  also a reckless  war monger  and ignorant, lazy, midnight   tweeter   got elected  as  Esteemed Leader.\nWhere's the  surprise  at  the  results?", "Welcome to America where  assault guns flow freely into the murderous hands of the few that so easily kill the lives of the many.", "I seriously don't get the hypocrisy of the right. When Muslims commit acts of terrorism, you never hear them say \"Muslims don't kill people; crazy people kill people\" (because you know, there are millions of Muslims worldwide and most are NOT terrorists!). Instead it's \"ban all Muslims now!\" But with guns, it's the opposite: All you hear is \"Guns don't kill people, crazy people kill people.\" Which is it, folks?", "Yet another mass murder/attack by a U.S. citizen, a white male terrorist. Call it what it is.", "If this guy is found to have big gambling debts, instead of belonging to ISIS, then these 500+ civilians were ultimately harmed by those who promote and profit from gambling, not by mullahs who promote and profit by division.\n\nPresident Trump, have you ever promoted or profited from gambling? Then your hands are bloody today. You are not one to preach prayer for the victims; you are one who ultimately profited from these victims. Along with spineless politician-demagogues. Shame on all of you.", "\"may have used at least one automatic weapon\"?\n\nLook, NYT, I know you're sort of out to lunch on guns, but that's automatic fire. There's no \"may\" about it.", "They said... \"recently converted to Islam\" there is any tangible proof of this claim?? Or it's just creating more hate and targeting Muslims in the USA. ", "About 90 people killed in America by guns every day.  I'm confident we will be back to normal tomorrow.", "He's not a lone wolf....Get'em all out!", "If you get no gun, you can't shoot anyone. Plain and simple.", "The point of gun control is not to eliminate all guns. It is to change the culture, so gun ownership will be seen as the aberration that it is. I am sick of the pious lip service paid to \"responsible gun owners\". There is no such thing. Unless you are a security personnel, you have no need of a gun. And if you think you do in order to fight black helicopters, or Elders of Zion, or some other imaginary menace hatching up in your brain, you are sick and should not be entrusted with a tool whose only purpose is to kill people. In countries in which people are trained in compulsory army service, such as Switzerland, Israel or Norway, you don't see wannabe special ops, running around in their pathetic camouflage and toting their pathetic hardware. Real soldiers know what guns are for: killing the enemy in war. America, that has not been invaded since the 18th century, has enough guns for a Hundred-Year War and no enemy to kill. No surprise, losers turn their deadly toys against themselves and unfortunately for the rest of us, against strangers.", "this  shooting is \"devastating, tragic. horrific....\" blah, blah, blah!! when are we going to deal with this madness???\n\"An act of pure evil\" ...is that we still have access to guns as easily as buying milk and honey! that's EVIL!", "Stop praying and start legislating!!  ", "Paddock was not a mentally ill man. He was a terrorist, just like the men behind Sandy Hook, Aurora, the Pulse nightclub, and countless others. By not passing gun control laws, our government is supporting terrorism. The NRA is a terrorist organization. Call it all what it is.", "The video reveals automatic (not semi-automatic) weapons.", "Coming soon:  Manadatory X-Ray of your baggage at any hotel with 2 stories or more.  ", "Trump calls everyone and everything evil.  He's the evil one.", "It is a travesty to not be able to go to an outdoor concert without being mowed down by  bullets. Shame on the NRA and their blind supporters,  they have no humanity.", "How does one carry 20 guns and a hundred pounds of ammo from the valet car line and up to a room without being noticed? ", "ISIS has claimed responsibility for this massacre. Maybe. And maybe they will claim responsibility for Hurricane Harvey, Irma, and Maria, too.\n\nAnd maybe this barbarian was radicalized not by ISIS but by President Trump, who seems to think that stoking hatred by pitting Americans against each other is a form of governance as well as a good way to increase ratings.", "Will Nevada's Attorney General now challenge the right to bear military-grade weapons in the US Supreme Court? There will never be a stronger case.", "My question is....how do you haul 19 rifles, tripods and cases of ammunition into a hotel - through the lobby and onto a 32 floor elevator ride - without anyone noticing?  How is that at all possible?  Were there security cameras recording this?  Was anyone watching?  Obviously not.", "we are all removed from the carnage.  in our workplaces, or home, or mobile and comfortably expressing our political or cultural or spiritual beliefs for what?  To assuage our guilt?  To push an agenda, to make hay on someone elses suffering, or just out of boredom.  We write into a blank screen?  Maybe we've all lost some communicative skills.  We are too digitalized.  Maybe this assasin is just the messenger.  All our collective fear and hatred is passed on to a vessel. And do we look at ourselves, the man in the mirror? If not, maybe the assasin is in some afterlife sitting with other mass murderers and being toasted for getting the record while laughing at the futility of our comments. ", "Automatic weapons are legal in Nevada.  Is anyone surprised that this has happened? ", "He was able to get 19 guns and hundreds of rounds of ammo up to his room by himself, without his companion questioning what he was up to? I wonder.", "I wonder if Stephen Paddock was the shooter - it just doesn't sound right.", "Nothing is making sense about what we know about this obviously deranged individual.  ISIS says he is their soldier; the FBI says there is no evidence that he is. His family and neighbors are totally shocked and say he seemed normal in every way. He has no military record and he brother says he is not politically minded and was not a gun nut. He seems to have a relaxed lifestyle, plenty of money and no need to work. None of this adds up to a guy on the 32nd floor of a hotel in Vegas with 10 rifles and plenty of ammunition shooting and murdering 58 people and injuring hundreds. There is clearly much we do not know.", "How did the killer get 19 rifles and hundreds of rounds of ammunition into the hotel without being noticed? No gun laws at all in NV. Legalizing silencers is up next in Congress. Imagine if he'd had a silencer? Tragically, nothing will change no matter how many people die. The NRA runs this country.", "The NRA poses a greater threat to this nation than foreign terrorist groups that we spend untold billions fighting.\nThey have money, lobbyists, power and wrap themselves in the American flag. \n\nThey strike terror in Congress that anyone who dares read the full Second Ammendment - not just the part they choose to quote ad nauseum - will face their wrath in the next election. \n\nPresident Bush had the sense and decency to resign from the NRA over the extremist views. When will the rest of America take a stand?", "Trump is blocking travel from nations he feels are the source of terrorists. When will the US understand that events like this are TERRORISM?", "And nothing will change.", "Those who have to insert their two cents about a comparison to Muslims and religious based terrorism, good or bad, please stop. Just stop.", "Individuals die of a disease and, as we mourn their passing, we vow to find a cure so that others don't succumb.   The disease here are weapons that have nothing to do with responsible hunting or protection and there is every reason to talk about it now.  No one should be cowed into silence by those that never find \"the right time\" to speak up.", "Think of Las Vegas and all those innocent victims - all the killed and injured.  All they wanted was to enjoy the music they loved and have a wonderful night of entertainment.  How can we change anything when our children are pushed into the violent gun culture every single day?  This image, for me, it is so painful and disturbing and I just can\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t imagine how we are ever going to save our country from all this gun violence. \n\nhttps://www.flickr.com/photos/nmcil/23608492498/in/dateposted-public/", "I don't have anything to say.  If the mass murder of 6 year olds in Sandy Hook wasn't enough to convince people of the need for comprehensive gun legislation then I don't know what we can do except wait... Wait as the deaths pile on and the headlines become even more frequent.  (Because we're not imagining it.  They are becoming more frequent.)  Then, when the slayings touch the lives of every remaining American and we are all - every single one of us - victims, maybe then the politicians will listen to us instead of the NRA and realize that background checks are necessary and normal Americans with good intentions don't need multiple assault rifles with silencers.", "\"learning to fly, but I aint got wings.\"\nsomewhere theres some angels looking over us today. ", "If our president calls for us to practice unity, he should be setting an example and practice unity, not divisiveness.", "Sorry 3 legal weapons identified -- 2 rifles and 1 handgun. I suspect none were actually used in the shootings because you cannot by automatic weapons in an ordinary legal gun retail shop. \n\nSo far the rest seem like they were \"inherited\" from his FBI Top 10 Bank robber father. \"Inherited\" in the sense that he was told or figured out where his Daddy kept his extra bank robbery tools of the trade. So gun control laws would be zero effect on this shooting as gun laws do not \"detect and locate\" illegal weapon until after publicly used.\n\nYes its possible to get automatics legally direct from manufacturer or from private collector with your class 3 license. Of course someone could have converted his legal weapons. Certain older semi-automatics can be changed to full automatics illegals with a little bit of expertise or Internet research...and some fair mechanical tooling skills. Again harder and unnecessary.", "`... After One of Worst U.S. Mass Shootings ...'\n\nNot to be flip at such a grim time, but what are the odds in Vegas that this will be the last mass shooting in the US?\n\nThe country is covered in bloodshed and not one thing is being done about the gun madness that defines this nation. Yes, defines this nation.", "No civilian \"sportsman\" needs to own a weapon capable of this kind of carnage. Time for sensible gun control laws. ISIS and its ilk are pikers. Americans are far more at risk from the terrorist organization known as the NRA.", "Here's the good news folks: gun stocks are up!", "Just an outsider perspective, but all of his family and friends are saying that this is out of character for Paddock. He booked 2 rooms and was found dead 72 minutes after the first shots were reported.. What if Paddock was coerced into being the public face for this shooting and there actually were other shooters or people involved.", "Does anyone know if the shooter requested a room on a high floor facing the concert?  Seems implausible that his room assignment was coincidentally ideal for his planned shootings. ", "The NRA is an industry lobby group and this is their product.", "We cannot get mass shooting out of our lives because (1) there are many deranged people who are free and (2) the Republicans refused to have any reasonable ban on assault weapons. \n\nMy conclusion?  We should get rid of the Republicans in the office.  Unlike the deranged, the Republicans are easily identifiable.  In fact, one can argue that most of these Republicans are clinically insane due to their unreasonable refusal to accept any ban on assault weapons.    ", "I'm really concerned if any politicians were killed. They are our protectors.", "The NRA is the World's most deadly and dangerous terrorist organisation.  Tell me they don't use fear to push their agenda, and do that with a straight face.", "The \"pure evil\" is the NRA tail wagging the Congressional Dog - all for a few dollars.", "So wonderful he had all those guns. Will we ever learn to a point where we're motivated to enact real gun control legislation? I don't think so. Gun stocks went up today...", "Very hard to fathom that a single gunman could logistically transport such an arsenal undetected.\nInside help perhaps???\nOnce again, the Latin proverb \"homo homini lupus\" (man is a wolf to man) proves out to be true.... ", "If the NRA fully supports the gun culture that continues to afflict us with this epidemic, then perhaps it's time to start calling the NRA a domestic terror group.", "I feel so sorry for those people that got a shot dead in that Las Vegas shooting this morning, my prayers to everyone that is injured. ", "Congress will never do anything about it.\n\nBut liberals, who occupy the commanding heights of entertainment, can monkey wrench America's gun fetish into oblivion should it choose.  It would cut revenues to the industry, but if you can't make that trade off, you need to step aside.\n\nHere's how to do it: remake the image of guns into poison.  End the first person shooter video games.  Gone.  Movies glorifying the use of guns.  Gone.  Remake the image of guns into a tool of the weak minded, the foolish, and the dumb.  Make them so poisonous that people voluntarily dump them to be melted into scrap.\n\nHollywood, you can do this.  You can kill this fetish, this industry, and these recurring nightmares.\n\nWhat are you waiting for?", "The Second Amendment, by its very name, is declared not immutable. It's *an amendment*, to an original document, for probably a good reason at the time; but it is now high time we seriously considered removing it from the original document, for a good reason at *this time*.", "Isn't America great mr. Trump?", "So this is what ISIS is claiming converting to Islam consists of? going out and randomly murdering strangers for no reason at all? Never mind that there is no evidence linking the shooter to ISIS, the fact that they are claiming it shows a very, very twisted take on their own religion.", "At all someone can be said surprised facing two types of tragedies in the US, due to their frequency: mass shooting and murder motivated by racial issues, victimizing afrodescendants", "This is US Terrorism. Unfortunately this Gunman will not be labeled as such because of his color. And the shootings will continue by White Males, angry, hopeless, being sold dreams out of their reach. How about a major commissioned study on these shooters. Gun Control NOW!", "1) guns\n\n2) a president who seems to call for some sort of violence all the time", "What does luggage look like that's carrying hundreds of rounds of ammunition, 19 rifles, including AR-15s, and a hammer or sledgehammer?  Wouldn't this take several trips to his room, due to the weight, presumably through the lobby and past the front desk?  And no one thought it odd?  Or worth checking him out? One older man with so much luggage? People say this is not the time to place blame but a time to heal and comfort others. That's all good and fine but it doesn't stop it from happening again, does it? As long as the authorities brag about how their community or country worked together to help each other in a crisis instead of demanding and working toward gun control and access to better mental health facilities for everyone, nothing will change and the rage will continue to build up for the next shooting.  You can call it terrorism. You can call it a mass shooting it's secondary to what really matters - strict gun control laws. This means, all the politicians who are scared of the NRA, get a spine and do their job - protect the people in this country because next time, some of them could actually be part of their family too.", "19 guns in the hotel room, scopes!\nHow much more needs to happen before this country regulates guns to protect its citizens.\nThe second amendment calls for a well regulated militia- it is about time for well regulated to be enforced.", "Another mass shooting to lay on the alter of gun worship. Human sacrifices are always demanded by this terrible god of carnage.", "Not much appears to have changed from this 2016 commentary by David Cole: http://www.nybooks.com/articles/2016/07/14/terror-of-our-guns/ . He notes: \n\n\"The long tradition of gun regulations almost certainly means that the Supreme Court will not construe the Second Amendment to invalidate most gun laws on the books today, but that simply leaves the matter to the political process, where the NRA is plainly winning. If history is any guide, it will succeed in thwarting any new gun control initiative prompted by the [fill in the blank] massacre. What all three of these books fail to confront is that the most important factor in the state of our gun laws is not the Supreme Court, the Second Amendment, or the gun industry, but the NRA.\"\n\nI agree with a friend of mine, also familiar with political upheaval during the Vietnam era. We should hope to see mass protests at the NRA national offices, chanting: \"Hey, hey, NRA, how many kids have you killed today.\"", "Not a nation, we are an abattoir.", "Two questions: Where does one hide 20 weapons and a sledgehammer in your hotel room?  Wouldn't the maid have seen them? Also, why are there two windows smashed out? They are not adjacent but quite far apart. Why is that?", "Donald trump calls for Unity !\nWhat a pathetic joke when the President is the divider.", "How do you get 19 rifles into a hotel?", "If Donald John Trump was a mature humble empathetic normal human being  man by nature and nurture he would ask Barack Hussein Obama, George Walker Bush and William Jefferson Clinton to speak to the nation on his behalf during this tragic hour in a calm compassionate comforting unifying respectful experienced and competent political governing national manner.   \n\nAnd Michelle, Laura and Hillary are accomplished educated professional natural born American citizens who speak English with an American accent as the first and only wife.\n\nWhile Mr. Trump sticks to his proven strength one bigoted divisive tweet at a time. And Melania plays clothes hanger trophy third model wife.", "The NRA must be held to account. In addition to its multi-million dollar pay off to Congress to prevent rational, constitutional gun violence legislation, it has also recently released outrageous online  \"recruitment\" videos narrated by Dana Loesch that are thinly veiled calls to arms against \"the other\" - liberals, progressives, blacks, gun control advocates, etc.  \n\nWords matter. Theirs of late have been hate speech and border on calls for terrorism against those they do not like.", "Someone murdered this paddock guy in his room, set up all their weapons, then started shooting at the concert goers. After they stopped shooting, they left to wherever their room was and that\u2019s how you get away with murder. I want to see the security cam footage of the hallway where his room is.", "The POTUS will fly to Vegas 24 hours after a preventable act of insanity and mayhem. But he cannot bring himself to fly to Puerto Rico, where the suffering exceeds the suffering in Vegas by the factor of 10000.", "I can't believe the news today\nOh, I can't close my eyes\nAnd make it go away\nHow long\nHow long must we sing this song\nHow long, how long\n\nSunday Bloody Sunday", "\"The Las Vegas gunman had 19 rifles in his hotel room, two on tripods at the windows, and hundreds of rounds of ammunition.\"\n\nIt's almost like he was trying to make a mockery of our guns laws. ", "He described Mr. Paddock as seeming like \u201ca normal fellow, a normal guy \u2014 nothing out of the ordinary.\u201d  - The New York Times, Oct. 2, 2017\n\n\"The essential American soul is hard, isolate, stoic, and a killer.  It has never yet melted.\"  - D.H. Lawrence, STUDIES IN CLASSIC AMERICAN LITERATURE (1928).", "Violence begets violence.\nPerhaps we should stop the US military from killing people in the Middle East, and stop Trump from warring against N. Korea. A first step there is to take all US military out of the Far East.\nThink for yourself?", "No, Mr. Trump, it is the NRA that is pure evil by choosing the wealth of gun manufactures over the lives of people.", "Mr. Trump, you can't point fingers anymore, it's not President Bush's fault, it's not President Obama's fault and it's not Hillary Clinton's fault.....and no, it isn't your fault, but you are the President and while you were always quick to blame the afore mentioned people for any mass killing, it's on your watch and it's time you stop the inane tweets, stop playing the blame game and look at the what needs to be done, even if your pal, Wayne LaPierre and your buddies at the NRA won't be happy about it.", "Whatever it was, it was aided and abetted by a nationwide gun cult.  ", "First of all it is very sad that so many folks have been senselessly murdered by one individual. No words will sooth the pain and hurt they are going through. I hope time will heal their wounds.\n\nISIS claim? Nonsense. It just shows that every crazy in the world is a member of ISIS according to ISIS. \n\nOne lesson is that we need a \"kinder and gentler, America\" as the former President Bush had once said. All the wars that America has engaged itself in does not make it that. We, America and the west, need to change our language when dealing with conflicts across the globe and at home. It is our gung ho stance that is creating these kind of idiots within our countries as well. People were enjoying country music in LV-NV. Well, people also like to enjoy coffee and a simple stroll in different squares in Iraq and other places. We must realize the kind of havoc this type of stuff creates regardless of the venue.", "There is no separation from the legality to buy/own this type of firepower and what happened in Las Vegas. What happened in Las Vegas would likely not have happened if there was a ban on semiautomatic weapons. A very sarcastic \"thank you NRA and your wingnuts\" for yet another American tragedy. NRA and ilk should be doused with the blood of the injured and then have to be the ones to tell family their loved ones are dead, as I've had to do many times over as an ER MD. Again, many prayers for the victims of NRA policy and their puppets in government.", "What self-righteous thoughts did this man have to feel the need to eliminate people in this manner? It cannot be a religious decision as there is no human dignity involved in murdering fellow beings. If he felt his life was no longer worth living (for he must have planned his suicide as well), why not just take the one?", "If only the crowd had all been armed with fully automatic weapons, maybe they could have stopped this (not).\n\nMaybe if more of these kinds of massacres start happening in more red states the gun nuts will finally agree to some sensible examination and enactment of gun laws...but I am not going to hold my breath.", "Hello,\n\nCan you please stop calling men who do this, \"gunmen\"? Call them terrorists or failed people or mentally ill or something that doesn't make it sound cool, especially to other men.\n\nThank you", "Liberals won't support a wall being built to prevent thousands of people being killed by drugs and the related crimes but they are willing to utilize the Las Vegas shooting to promote their gun control agenda.\n\nThe hypocrisy is terrible.   ", "It will be interesting to see what his female \"companion\" says about the shooter.  I would be surprised if she said she had no idea about what this man was planning.....and I wouldn't believe her either.", "I believe it was Michael Moore who said it best: \"Guns don't kill people; Americans kill people.\"", "How long will it be before the NRA-loving conspiracy nuts call this fake news, and say, as so many of them did about Sandy Hook, that this mass murder didn't happen but was staged for the sole purpose of spurring America up to change its gun laws?  That all who died or got injured--so far a reported 58 and 515, respectively, as I write this--were just actors?", "I'm curious as to how this man got all that weaponry into his room without anyone noticing. Not the maid, not the front desk, no one?", "We are without question the most prosperous and self-defeating country in the world, pathetic in our unenlightenment. We're screaming forward  to our own demise,  with the ignorant and the violent at the wheel.  Drop me off at the next corner.", "And when they released his name and ethnic background, every middle easterner and Arab in America breathed a sigh of relief. ", "19 rifles plus ammunition ? How did he get them into the hotel? Didn't anyone on the staff notice anything odd. ", "Even NRA members know gun control is urgently needed in the USA, people are responsible for killing a gun just makes a lot easier.", "The simplistic \"ban guns\" argument has (predictably) begun. The usual suspects have already been heard from. I hate to break it to those simpletons, but it's not the guns. I personally own guns (including one of the dreaded \"assault rifles\"), and nobody is in any danger from my weapons. Someday perhaps a criminal will be in danger, my fellow citizens will never be. Try and get your mind around the concept, guns are inanimate hunks of metal, no more dangerous than a hammer. To put political spin on this issue, mere hours after the shooting (HRC) is disgraceful.", "Enough.  Enough inheriting one line in a social contract from over 200 years ago that has been continually misrepresented.  Time to get beyond absurdity and grow up as society,", "So the shooter was not a muslim, not an illegal immigrant, just white guy that decided to kill. do you know what the next step will be? Well there will be no next step. Donald Trump will go to Las Vegas, say how sorry he is and go back to his residence to play golf next weekend. there will be no action from Congress to change the current gun law. we will continue living in fear .... but if the shooter were a Muslim or illegal immigrant. There would be new ban, or change in immigration rules.", "Dear America:\n\nFor how long will you allow these \u201cacts of pure evil\u201d to go on? Serial Presidents make soothing declarations after each mass kiliing and your law-enforcement spends time and energy trying to determine the killers motive. The dead & their families don\u2019t care about the killers motives and determining them does nothing to deter the next mass-murderer. Your political class does everything except the one that would make a difference- an absolute ban on the sale of automatic & semi-automatic weapons to civilians. Here in Canada we too have those who would commit such atrocities if they could but, not being able to obtain these military-grade tools for mass-murder they can\u2019t live out their dreams.\n\nTake away their preferred tools of destruction and you\u2019ll stop most of these atrocities. Get rid of their tools and you disable them. Stop merely wringing your hands and tie theirs instead.", "Trump's subdued words would not have been uttered if the killer has a foreign name, or a dark skin color.\n\nDon't be fooled.", "This is home grown American terrorism fueled by the NRA.  We have become a lawless nation where ours politicians are bought off with money.\nThis is where it ends.", "A co-worker tried to get a rise out of me by saying this won't be called terrorism because a white guy did it. In order to be called terrorism, I believe it has to be done with the purpose of influencing the population for a political (which includes religious) purpose.\nWhat if the purpose is just because they hate and want to lash out at as many people as they can? The white guy who killed the people in the black church could be called a terrorist as was trying to start a 'race' war. I think we have a problem in western society. We have road rage incidents where people use their cars as weapons, if they have a gun in the car they use that.\nWhat about a life rage person like the Sandy Hook killer or probably this guy in Las Vegas (if no other factors are found)? These people are so filled with rage, have access to an arsenal and are willing to organize and execute a plan of attack in advance. The Sandy Hook murderer seemed to kill mommy, gather up his weapons and head right to the school.\nThe madman in Las Vegas got together an arsenal, booked a room over looking a well attended festival, brought an arsenal to his room, probably requiring multiple trips, waited and killed or injured almost 700 people. Where does rage like that come from?\nHow come our society produces such cold, anger people? Is there any way to stop them? This guy was 64, had a good career, what motivated him? ", "Horrible tragic evil at its worst\nBut then you have a top attorney for CBS tweeting last night she couldn\u2019t care less about the dead since country music fans are mostly republicans.\nWell that IS the mainstream media in a nutshell", "Hurricanes. WH says,\"This is not a time to talk about climate change.\"\n\nMass Gun Murder. WH says, This is not a time to talk about gun control.\"\n\nIf not NOW, when?", "Trump tweeted \"we cannot be divided evil\" in regards to the tragic killings in Las Vegas yet he has been spewing evil out of the White House for eleven months.  ", "Another mass shooting, another man responsible... What's happening w/America's old/young men that they feel they have to resort to this horrific violence?  And, let's no forget the domestic violence victims; men on women crime, like the recent Dallas area shooting... ????????", "One man shot 600 people in minutes. Think about that. Even our law enforcement is in no position to fight back against that kind of madness, resolve and fire power that turns one man into an army. These weapons have no place in our cities and streets. They are not for hunting rabbits, they are for killing people and the blood of so many innocent Americans over the last few years has counted for nothing so far. The gutless politicians who do nothing, should have this on their self righteous consciences forever. Invoking God and healing after these events does not allow them to wash their hands and look away from the things that they have the power to change.", "Trump calls the terrorist, er, I mean shooter \u201cpure evil\u201d.  \n\nBut that term also describes the NRA whose strident, lethal marketing plan includes indoctrinating, er, I mean teaching children to shoot guns.  They\u2019ve also added silencers to their grand marketing plan.  The NRA\u2019s clients - gun manufacturers \u2013 care naught about dead teens or children; they care only for their profit margin.  And there are plenty people left alive who\u2019ll buy their lethal products, teach their children to shoot a gun, and a plethora of brainwashed idiots who\u2019ll say vacuous, specious things that the NRA teaches them to say - things like \u201cpeople kill people, not guns\u201d.   \n\nUntil we remove special interest money from politics, the mass slaughter will continue unabated.", "Grow up America. You cannot justify your criminally insane gun laws any longer. Politicians do your job and protect your citizens. ", "\nAccording to the following article, Trump got a $30 million dollar campaign donation from the NRA. He's been bought and paid for. Don't expect any action from our corrupt president. \n\nhttps://www.nytimes.com/2017/04/29/opinion/even-as-president-donald-trum...", "I guess it\u2019s time the republicans pass the law to allow folks to buy silencers. This country is run by lunatics beholden to the gun lobby.", "It's interesting that all the psychopaths who go around shooting masses of people in this country are white anglo-saxon males. \n\nIt seems that only the religious and ethnic minorities in the country are able to channel their anger away from murder. ", "First of all: RIP to all the victims, Godspeed in their recovery for the survivors and condolences for the families left behind.\n\nOn to a more practical matter: I know that in Iraq and Afghanistan the U.S. military had special sound equipment on their MRAVs, Humvees and tanks. With this they could pinpoint an attack and - in some cases - even launch counter-measures (anti-RPG-rockets) automatically.\n\nAfter this heinous crime organizers of festivals, night-club owners, stadium-operators and the like might think about installing similar technology in their respective venues. Shouting \"GUN! GUN!\" is good, but shouting \"GUN! WEST BALCONY!\" is more useful.\n\nLastly I hope he left a manifest and police will have the public read it. Some of these things are so weird one has to carefully balance the informational interests of the people versus the chance of copy-cats. But I really, really would like to know why he did it! This seems to be a very unusual case.\n\nOne more thought: to cause this level of carnage he must have hit more than 550 people. From the 23. floor! The people stood packed, okay, but still... That's 19 standard 30-round AR-15 mags, assuming every bullet hits. That's way more than a soldier carries into battle! Who does such a thing???", "The Constitution still mentions slaves, is outdated and I hope to God the young people in this country will revolt.", "This comment applies to any president and every member of Congress who fails to make it less convenient for mass murderers by firearm to massacre Americans by the score. Your failure restrict the killers' access to their favorite civilian hunting weapons proves you to be those mass executioners' willing accomplices.", "A 14 year old cannot buy cigarettes but can purchase a rifle at a gun show easily. Why can we not stop this? I'm sure this madman must have purchased his cache from shows like this and not from legitimate gun dealers. Until we stop these shows from selling guns, without security clearances, and outlaw automatic rifles, we are doomed to see this horrible event repeated over and over again.", "Let's take the simple argument of allowing so many guns and automatic weapons in this country. We aren't talking about \"basic hunting rifles and shotguns\"\nNobody is talking about outlawing this type of firearm. We're talking about semi automatic and assault weapons - just some common sense here folks.\nSo there continues to be this false argument on one side that \"they are going to take away our 2nd amendment rights\" so we can't pass a few common sense laws.\nHow's that working for you America?\nHey Congress / Senate - how are you enjoying all that NRA political money?\nI thought so.....    Well go to h e double hockey sticks all of you that take that money.\nI also want to apologise - I can't expect all you politicians (& voters) that support this President to use that much common sense. Hey it's just a few assault rifles.... btw: this year ~ so far NOT counting accidental shootings & suicides we have here in the USA ~10,000 shooting fatalities\nThis year in and around Afghanistan we have 11 military casualties (2400 since 2001)\nSounds like a war zone - you'd think at some point we'd try something different  - like common sense National Gun Laws & limits & Regulations (like driver licenses and seat belts etc)", "I\u2019m going to say it since everyone else is. Stop calling him a lone wolf. This person is a terrorist. He\u2019s a full on terrorist no matter what his political leanings are. Doesn\u2019t matter what his skin color is or his political affiliation. He\u2019s a terrorist pure and simple. ", "They should make machine guns illegal. Oh wait, they are but hey, lets turn our attention to all guns. Never let a horror go without using it for poltical gain", "I can already hear it and it still makes me sick each time: \"guns don't kill people, people kill people\".  Let's tell it like it is- the BRA and it's supporters are accessories to these crimes.", "Repeal the Second Amendment.", "Where were all the \u201cgood guys\u201d with guns? Seems the NRA mantra doesn\u2019t always work.", "I will offer no \"thoughts and prayers\". I will honor no \"moment of silence\". These are just theological rituals that ratify our gun policy.\n\nThese deaths are themselves ritualized sacrifices on The Altar of NRA 2nd Amendment Gun Policy. A form of human sacrifiice no different from ancient civilization's - whom we think we are superior to - human sacrifices to their sun gods. In our case, it is the God of the Gun Industry and their priesthood in the NRA that we are worshiping.\n\nThe best way to honor those fallen to this theology is to fight to overthrow this gun cult that is imposing itself on a civilized people.", "Until we collect the guns and have gun control in the USA as it exists in civilized countries, the shootings will go on and on.\nThe NRA deserves  credit for these deaths in Las Vegas since their lobby encourages white men and  boys to buy guns and thus indirectly urges crazies among them to kill with impunity.\nSandy Hook school should have spelled the end to mass shootings in America and the beginning of real gun control. But the NRA cowboys have bought off congress. Only National gun control is the logical answer to stop the rampant killings in America. Anyone with half a brain knows that. No guns=no shooting.", "Nothing will change, except the location of the next massacre. Moving on.", "For all the talk about liberal gun laws and the role the NRA and the gun lobbyist had on this crime, let's not forget mental illness. Who in their right mind does something like this? ", "Did Scaliese, the Congressman who got shot 3 months ago come out with a statement?  ", "With the current regulations regarding arms in place this just was bound to happen somewhen somewhere. Kinda the price you pay for making guns that easy to get.\nLaw maker didn't act in the past, so I guess this shooting will be forgotten soon also.", "Semi-automatic rifles can be made into automatic rifles. A person can buy the part necessary and directions at gun shows. I know. I saw it happen. Why is there no right for citizens not to be shot by semi-automatic/automatic weapons, but all we hear is screaming by people who have been brainwashed by the NRA?  The NRA has convinced half of this country to believe that they should be allowed to own practically any firearm they like. The NRA continues to lie and make people fear having their guns taken away by the government. Stocks were up this morning for a couple of gun manufacturers.  I hope the investors are enjoying their \"blood\" money.", "Just another responsible gun owner exercising his 2nd amendment rights. Thank you, NRA, for making this possible.", "The NRA and anti-gun-law Republicans are complicit in this mass murder.", "Congress is owned by the NRA and terrified to vote against NRA.\nPolitics FIRST, getting votes FIRST, GOP FIRST.", "Correction to my previous comment.\nWhat I should have written was that the Las Vegas massacre is just one more of the 273 mass shootings that have occurred in the U.S. in the past 275 days of 2017.", "The victims should have been prepared.  Isn't that what the NRA argues when they advocate for people to own guns to protect themselves?", "this is about evil, pure, unadulterated evil ... it was planned in detail with cold blooded malice ... he had at least eight rifles, owned two airplance, had a pilot\u2019s license and would have likely passed any background check ... this will dominate the cabal news for a few days and we will ease back into being the violent country that we are and always have been", "   This is precisely why fascism is not to be debated; it is to be destroyed.", "Yet another reason the North Koreans have to fear a madman -- ours.", "And the police officer hiding behind the bright lights of the police car with her gun aimed at the steel post.  Really !", "I guess we should extend the travel ban to anyone from Nevada.\n\nOrange, NJ", "I don't know what part of \"well-regulated militia\" in the 2nd Amendment the NRA and fanatics of guns DON\"T understand...", "The Trump Administration ought to issue a travel ban against US-born white men older than 60.", "Brothers and sisters, I feel for all of you (and share in our collective mental agony)! I experience untenable emotions, every time we have such gun related mass killings. but feel helpless like you all. Do we have the guts to do something positive and start a movement to do away with the chief villain - the metal contraption (that is so dear to 2nd amendment rights advocates)?  \"Mental sickness\", \"guns don't kill, but humans do\", \"knives kill people too\", etc are smoke screens by deniers and NRA/2nd amendment rights purveyors. These people are sick themselves!!\n\nWe need to have the gumption to attack the root cause of the problem, i.e. remove availability of mass destruction tools like guns from our society. When we go all out to find costly solutions to eradicate natural illnesses, why can't we use ready, no cost, common sense solutions available to us, to avoid gun related tragedies,  by pushing for banning the manufacture and sale of that dastardly gizmo. My comments may sound blase. but without upsetting the sensibility of all you readers, let us show that we can get things accomplished. I plead with you all to rise to the occasion and push for laws banning guns No amount of cheap talk by the guy in the WH and the guys on the Hill is going to bring back lost lives. There heart is not in solving the real problem, but more to insult us by avoiding taking action to mitigate the problem. They are in the pockets of sick NRA goons. I remain in sorrow, AGAIN!", "Q: \"How did he get the weapons and conversion kits?\"  A: In Las Vegas at the biggest gun shows in America - the \"Shot Show\" being one of the biggest.  I know someone who 'covers' these shows and says if you know what 'rooms' to visit IN the convention center you just ask.  The largest arms merchants have moved to 'conversion kits' as a prime market as most gun buyers have all the weapons they can stuff in their closets.  They want a 'new' gadget to play with and those gagets are 'conversion kits'. \n\nFrom \"Shot Show\" 2017 promo:   \"more than 260 3rd party OEM suppliers\" (parts/conversions) - for 2018 they already have \"300 OEM suppliers confirmed\" - \"2500 industry exhibits\".  This will be at the VENETIAN Hotel.   If Las Vegas wants to 'react' they need to shut down the gun shows...they won't - after all this will just be another 'check the box crazy person'.  Imagine, in a few days the biggest arms manufacturers WILL be selling in the same town, the same weapons, the same 'under-the-table' conversion kits that murdered so many.  American needs to stop thinking these are our dads and grandpas hunting shows - the are not.  The 'media' needs to STOP asking this stupid question and answer it - it is NOT a secret!  Just walk down the street and ask the VENETIAN.", "Next concert, all NRA members and their guns should be patrolling to make sure THEY use their guns to protect people...   \n\nSo they can say that they are using their guns for self-defense...", "Shouldn't the headline identify the man as White Christian? I thought race and religion were the two most aspects to include in headlines when these types of events occur?", "1) Maximize access to mental health care.\n2) Minimize access to semi-automatic weapons.\n3) Then wait about 50 years for things to START to improve.", "My blood pressure continues to rise.\nIt might be in part because of my job. (Smaller staff, more work these days.)\nBut I think it's mostly from the stress of being an American in 2017.\nMy heart can't tell which is the greater threat, the man in the oval office, lack of a national health plan, budget cuts, or a mass shooter?\nMy blood pressure continues to rise.", "So much for \"life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.\"\nDo you suppose Thomas Jefferson could have imagined a country in which a civilian could be empowered - legally- to cause such carnage?", "It is now time to revisit the national gun laws--why is it so easy to commit mayhem? Why are guns so available? Why are Americans obsessed with guns? Why can anyone, anywhere, seemingly get what they want at any time? Why are the statistics on this mayhem so hidden from the general public? Why aren't people up in \"arms\" against this slaughter? Why be numb?...", "Eric Paddock said he had made a statement to the police. In an interview with CBS, he said that his brother was \u201cnot an avid gun guy at all,\u201d adding, \u201cif he had have killed my kids, I couldn\u2019t be more dumbfounded.\u201d\n\nThis is one of the creepiest statements I've ever read.  There's definitely something not right with this family to think in terms like that.  Apart from being dumbfounded it would otherwise be normal aside from using a gun to do it, I guess.", "So like every other mass shooter was this one a member of a well regulated militia? Let's enforce all of the provisions of the 2nd amendment.", "Can we now talk about firearm controls and how the 2nd amendment is not absolute ? Can we now talk about how the ATF agency has been gutted and essentially neutered ? \n\nWe need an all of the above strategy to prevent further tragedies. ", "The sequence of the sound of the shots indicate that the gunman was operating in automatic mode, and must have had a not only assault rifles but a full auto machine-gun. Can't understand the motive other than the guy went berserk after losing all of his money, and somehow was angry at the city of Las Vegas.", "just think of the carnage if the shooter had silencers on his weapons.\n\nin case you don't know, the NRA's latest lobbying campaign is to allow the sale of silencers . . . apparently because hunters and firing range shooters are worried about hearing loss.  I'm not making this up, sadly.", "For those who think gun regulations should happen to prevent this, and those who defend gun laws, here is some food for thought for both sides.\n\nI have a friend who lives in Portugal, where they have extremely regulated gun laws.  He stated this to me, \"This is why \"terrorists\" or \"gunmen\" target places like concerts, theaters, where people gather.  It's because they see the people as powerless, defenseless people.  It is like when you are duck hunting, the ducks have no way to defend themselves and the hunters just pluck them out of the air.  Terrorists will always target these places because it is a duck hunt.  What is the ducks could shoot back, then I bet there would be a lot less duck hunting.  People need to have the same capability as these gunmen.  People need to be able to defend themselves because Terrorist, and Gunmen don't attack places where they have a higher risk of dying before causing the most amount of damage.\"\n\nAmerica has gotten soft, and people hate more than care for one another.  Republican or Democrat, Liberal or Conservative, the entitled feelings from both sides have broken our country to the point where we as citizens cannot go to an event without protests, political lobbying, killings, or whatever.  I cannot express how broken people are.  Let's drop all political bantering, and seriously mourn for those who were injured and killed from this evil man.", "America is armed to teeth - why?   I think it is money, toys and a false sense of power that keeps this going.  It is really a sad way for a democracy is conduct itself.  ", "Hours before this rampage I watched CBS News piece on Steven Scalese. I was SO DISAPPOINTED the issue of gun control as not brought up.\n\nWhy are we burying our heads in the sand about this issue?", "Reading that his brother finds the shooter's actions inexplicable, I can't help but think of all the homicides that have been triggered by the side effects of prescription drugs, in particular the SSRI antidepressants.  ", "Note article only identifies 2 weapons as legal purchases. \n\nIts quite possible that this guy simply knew where Daddy (a FBI top 10 Wanted Bank robber) stored his extra weapons. So all those extra guns are at least twice illegal. Illegal if automatic. Illegally obtained by Daddy from criminals. Illegally retained by \"sonny\" the shooter for his crimes. \n\nGun laws do Nothing against these type of guns until the possessor is investigated and searched for a crime. Just ask European (Interpol) Union about crimes involving illegal weapons -- not report in same place as crimes involving legally owned weapons (favor column for gun ban folks).  Interpol says that the smaller Europe manufacturers sector turns out a lot unreported guns after normal reported manufacturing hours.  Estimates are that something like 2/3 go to gray and black markets to be shipped anywhere in world or used in domestic crime. \n\nQuite often the guns need to in use at a crime scene. A warrant for pot smoking or violating water use ban -- or even domestic violence is not likely to look deep enough especially if not hidden at residence.", "It occurs to me that these mass shootings are the best demonstration of the fact that our representatives in Congress are too much in the thrall of corporatism and some of their powerful special interest lobbies (in this case the NRA) to do what's in the best interest of the American people by outlawing ownership of semi-automatic weapons, unlimited bullets and military accoutrements.\nWould it make a difference if we had a referendum on these weapons in the next national election?", "I first was alerted to what happened in Las Vegas last night at bedtime by my adult son. I assumed it was a terrorist. Instead, it was an ordinary American citizen with an extraordinary number of deadly military type weapons. \n\nThere were no red flags about this man; so far, except for the number of guns in his room, nothing stands out. I do not see how this horror and destruction of lives could have been prevented. Perhaps something will be uncovered as federal and local authorities, in all the different states in which he had homes, will find something that explains why he did this. A pure evil mystery. A quiet monster was living amongst so many and he seemed so ordinary until he exploded in terrible violence.\n\nSo many lives taken. So many more lives damaged. It is a very sad day for our country.\n\nWe need to know why. We may never know why. ", "The stated purpose of the 2nd Amendment is to ensure \"the security of a free State\".  Any reading that leaves us feeling insecure, cannot be right. ", "My guess is the suspect recently started taking SSRIs. As is shown in the documentary Letters From Generation Rx (narrated by Tilda Swinton), if people lack the enzyme needed to process these drugs, it can turn perfectly normal people into psychotic killers and/or suicidal. And of course doctors never test for that. ", "On December 14, 2012, 20 schoolchildren were massacred by a lone gunmen in Newtown, CT. On that day we as a nation decided we were ok with mass shootings, because even dead 1st-graders could not bring us to our senses on gun control. We are a sick and evil nation, and it seems that 60 years of progress towards a better society is eroding before our very eyes. I refuse to stop fighting, but sometimes I do question which side will win this war.", "THE GUNS WERE PURCHASED LEGALLY.  That says it all - will not change, and one can be certain this is not the last mass killing.", "Meanwhile, the firearms industry is rolling in profits. And they use their blood money to buy the political influence they need to keep guns on our streets.\n\nWhen will voters finally decide to end the bloodbath?", "The sight of people desperately trying to scale a fence to save their lives while attending an outdoor concert  means that we are not free in this country.  We are slaves to a gun lobby who would allow someone to own 19 firearms and shoot at us.  Today it is you, tomorrow it may be me.  We are all in this together.  If Sandy Hook wasn't enough - I can't say what will be the defining  moment - but I am prepared and ready to join forces so that it's never you, me or anyone we love on the wrong end of a gun.  What do we do next?", "tough questions:  how does someone get 19 weapons of such caliber into a hotel room?\ntough answers: given the firepower amassed AND deployed by this lunatic, there must be better technological solutions than a SWAT unit having to identify location and then clear the floor - what about the localized noise generators that the NAVY/maritime uses in anti-piracy work?  lasers or other light-emitting devices, perhaps from helicopter(s), drones?  \n\nthose seem like devices that our communities would (or should) reasonably allow law enforcement to utilize in situations like this.", "How many thousands more will have to die before our congress finally sees the light? Actually it won't be this congress, or the next, or the next, but in time some sanity will prevail - it's got to. \n\nInstead, the Republican messaging this month will remain inanely programmed: That we need to put more guns in more people's hands, in order to prevent tragedies caused by laws that put more guns in more people's hands.", "Now we know that there were \"more than\" 19 rifles (in other words, more than 20) in the hotel room, including AR-15-style assault rifles. When will this country wake up? Is there no record-keeping in place that would raise of red flag about an individual (not a gun shop) with that many weapons? The debatable \"right\" of US citizens to arm themselves need national scrutiny in an arena not directly under the control of our NRA-supported commander-in-chief.", "To my fellow Americans we live in a violent heavily armed country. This does not happen in other developed countries with the frequency it does here, what is the difference ? I think all my fellow NYT readers know, it quite simply is the easy access to weapons of war and the power of the NRA keeping it as it is. I can't wait to hear the NRA say that talking about gun control is disrespectful to the victims of this massacre that did not need to happen.", "Ronald Reagan said that government isn't the solution to the problem, it is the problem.  True, when the government is in the hands of the GOP.", "From the sound of gunfire in the background its apparent that some kind of rapid fire weapon beyond the just an AR-15 was being used. It also sound as if more than one weapon was being used as was reported by many that were there. In addition, why were all the escape routes blocked or locked. Something more than a lone shooter here. Another horrifically tragic event that appears to be orchestrated beyond a lone gunman that can no longer speak for himself. ", "We have the highest rate of gun ownership in the world and the highest gun death rate in the industrialized world. Most people who die of gunshot wounds do so either in accidents, including 77 children last year (CDC report), or in domestic violence; over 1000 women shot by a man they know, each year. A bigger carnage than the one in Vegas occurs every year. Having a gun in the house increases the chance of a gun death in the household by three fold after removing other factors (N Engl J Med. 329:1084).", "My hearts go out to all the victims and their families, and my sincere admiration goes to all those who jumped in to help the wounded.  Whether it was by carrying a divider that was turned into a makeshift stretcher, by giving aid and comfort to the dying and injured, or even using their personal vehicle to rush people to area hospitals, those people are the embodiment of the American spirit.  \n\nTime and again, Americans have shown their worth by coming together in the aftermath of a tragedy.  Now, we just have to work on preventing this from happening again.", "Mandalay Bay Security  - How did these weapons (more than 19!) get into your hotel?\n\nThe reason - It takes lots of $$ to get into and keep a house or senate seat.  Gun manufacturers and NRA provide LOTS of money to senators and representatives to that end.  In order to provide that $$ they have to make and sell lots and lots of guns.  They can't sell lots and lots of guns if there are sane laws restricting firearm ownership so those laws don't get passed.\n\nThis won't change until human life is valued more than money and power.", "So can we now say old white men with guns are potential domestic terrorists? No? Too soon? ", "Something has gone very very wrong in 21st century American life.  \n\nOur society and culture has no real plan on how to deal with these increasing numbers of angry, mentally unstable white American males, not immigrants,  who, in their rage and anger,  are determined to make everyone they come in contact with as miserable, or as deadly numb,  as they themselves truly are.  \n\nI can honestly admit that I'm now certifiably ashamed to call myself an \"American\".     We are most certainly in a death spiral of unspeakable inaction and malicious self-preservation.    I cry.", "I remember back in the 80s when it was possible to apply and pay dearly for a machine gun permit, entitling you to own a real, fully-automatic weapon. \n\nMost of those permits have traded hands to the wealthy or to licensed machine-gun ranges (Las Vegas having the most ranges). \n\nI'm a gun owner who carries a concealed weapon, I'm an NRA member,  and I would support revoking and confiscating the remaining number of machine guns still in public hands.", "I think it's time this President, finally address the elephant in the room, guns.   Donald Trump was always quick to tweet out at President Obama regardless of what the tragedy was or how many were killed blaming terrorism and never showing any real concern for facts.\n\nDuring the campaign, Donald Trump, made himself the NRA's man in office, Wayne LaPierre acted like Donald Trump was in the NRA's hip pocket; now there is no escaping any of this that there is only one common denominator in all of these massacres....GUNS!\n\nIt's time for Donald Trump to show some courage, and show he's not a rubber stamp for the NRA and eliminate any of these types of military style weapons, semi-automatic that can to be converted to automatic killing machines, large ammunition clips, or any type of weapons that would be used by military or law enforcement, to be sold to the public.   \n\nPresident Trump should also increase the waiting period for guns, background checks, not allow weapons to be bought on the spot and taken home at gun shows (the transaction should only be finalized after a background check), no internet sales, and mandatory gun ownership licensing for gun owners in the same way drivers are licensed. \n\nWhen is enough, enough, stop letting the NRA and Wayne LaPierre manipulate the Congress and President.\n\nThere was a time years ago, that the NRA would have been the first one to ask for new laws and work to solve this national disgrace and problem, but anymore.", "This outrage could not have happened without open access to guns. If the shooter had carried only a baseball bat, there would be no horrific, tragic, story or headline.", "When events such as this occurred during President Obama's terms, he would say, appealing to our better selves, that this is not who we are.  I am sorry to say he was wrong.  We are who we reveal ourselves to be. And like Warren I too am just numb.", "Republicans are so predictable - there will be offers of condolences, followed by statements of \"today is not a day for politics\".  Don't be fooled, this is just a euphemism for \"let's wait until this news cycle blows over so we don't have to make substantive change to gun policy.\"", "thoughts and prayers are appreciated - unfortunately, they cannot overcome the cowardice and demagoguery of our nations leaders.  turn your \"thoughts and prayers\" upon yourself - to give yourselves the strength and conviction to find a rational measure of gun control in this country.  \n\nthere absolutely no reason whatsoever for someone to own an automatic or semi-automatic weapon, or enough ammunition to impact hundred of people in minutes.  \n\nas a populous, there will always be the social burden of mentally unstable people - this we cannot do much about other than deal with it.  however, we CAN do something about the type and veracity of guns available outside the military.  \n\nthere's a thought and prayer to try on for size, US leaders ..... thoughts and prayers we can do on our own.  your job is to legislate.  get busy!", "How was this man able to enter a major hotel in Las Vegas with such an arsenal? ", "More \"thoughts and prayers\" from the same individuals who endlessly resist all manner of sensible firearm regulation. Your thoughts and prayers are meaningless, transparently insincere, and unwanted. Please, just admit that you truly believe these mass shootings are the tax we must from time to time pay in our citizens' blood, that these people did not die in vain but paid the ultimate price for your \"freedom\" to keep and bear arms.  At least then we could respect your honesty. ", "\"The suspect had 19 rifles.\"\n\nYeah, sure, that's what the Founding Fathers intended when they wrote the Constitution. That anyone could own enough guns to shoot 500+ people in short order.\n\nI weep for my country.", "This country has lost its mind.  A country with its faculties intact would try to solve this problem.  Instead our President and his cronies just pray to God that God will give us the strength to deal with our loss and carry on.", "Anyone with 19 guns is crazy. How did he get them up to the room without anyone noticing? We are all gun-crazy.\nIt should certainly be illegal to own 19. guns. 2 guns. One gun.\nThis crime is about having guns.", "Yeah, the guy was NUTS. 19 Rifles?  Two on tripods?  Hundreds of rounds?  What army was he afraid of?\n\nAll the more reason to LIMIT HIS ACCESS TO GUNS. (Limit the access of most people to that many guns.) \n\nThe NRA are off their collective rockers.  The NRA says that more guns make you more safe. The NRA says that if you don't feel safe you should buy a few more guns.\n\nHow many people who \"do not feel safe\" really feel safer with more guns?  NONE OF THEM.  They are scared of shadows, or the \"other,\" or who knows what.  Every year the population of the US buys a few million more guns. Nobody feels safer.  Not the people who buy the guns.  Certainly not those of us who do not buy the guns.\n\nWhat do all those guns do for anyone?  Go ahead, give me a good explanation. ", "Entirely avoidable. But the men with big mouths and no guts refuse to see the answer.  Now we're supposed to come together and pray?  Like god has anything to do with this?  Enough hiding behind god talk and 2nd amendment rights.  Come out and say it: in America, life is cheap.", "My condolences to the victims families and all others affected by this terryfying incident. After this isn\u00b4t it time to do something about the acces to guns. How many more have to die?", "It remains the case that when a white person commits an unspeakable act of horror, it is reported as a shooting or massacre.  When a person of color or religion other than our norms in the US commit such an act, they are a terrorist.\nJust read the title of this article.", "Wondering how he moved all of that artillery into his room?  How very sad.", "I know they'll determine that the corpse in the hotel room is that of a shooter but until they do I can't help wondering if this extremely unlikely suspect might rather be the very likely victim of a lethal con by which others gain entry to his room, snuff him with a muffled shot and set up operations pretty much undiscoverable before they just take the elevator.  Two shooting stands? 19 guns?  Cops don't get there for almost 2 hours.  Coulda been a couple of the kind of younger and/or disordered recreatoinal murderers we're more accustomed to.  ", "And the NRA will say, \"Yes, but he could have thrown down 500 or 600 sharp knives at the concert audience or maybe he could have built a special slingshot to pummel the people with rocks or shards of glass!\"  Obviously, those 19 rifles and piles of ammunition he had in his hotel room had absolutely nothing to do with it...", "Wait a minute!  Where is that \"one good guy with a gun\" that the NRA keeps preaching about?", "It is time for us to go to the streets and protest the insane gun loving Republican party. We have a right to go out in public without the fear of another nut mowing us down. When will  we the people say enough is enough. ", "It's surprising that we haven't had more shootings with this kind of death toll. It's amazing, actually. Finally, a guy decides to maximize the killing and demonstrates how appallingly simple that is to do. \n\nWhat is to stop this from happening again tomorrow? Nothing. A country with a brain doesn't allow guns, much less, high power automatic weapons. \n\nOnly a lunatic country allows such things.  ", "I'm waiting for the police to really step up on the issue of gun control. They seem to overwhelmingly support gun rights, or at least be passive about them. Our police and military should be the ones howling the loudest for gun control. Unless and until they do, we are stuck with these tragedies continuing.", "John Donne said; \"No Man Is An Island.\"\nThis idea of the \"lone wolf\" is absurd. It's our praying at the altar of rugged individualism, that we are all separate and unconnected that is the real perpetrator here. The country needs a philosophical change to move forward, burning the false idol of rugged individualism would be a good start.", "Did the performers warn the audience?  The video just shows them running off stage.", "I don't believe that outlawing unfettered private ownership of assault weapons is a threat to 2nd amend rights. But I am open to hearing the rationale for this position.  ", "The 2nd amendment declares that \"A well regulated militia being Necessary...\"\nThe statement is not true, in fact it's like a Trump lie.  Or an \"alternative fact\".  As a statement of philosophy or strategy, it's a falsehood.\nBecause \"well regulated militias\" are in fact NOT necessary ,,,  haven't even been used to defend us since, perhaps 1812. \n\nTherefore, what follows in the rest of the amendment is a dead end.  The last clause has no foundation, and has been rendered meaningless by the reality that we've defended our \"free state\" by a standing military for over 100 years.  \n\nIt's time to recognize the amendment as what it truly amounts to:  Bunk.  ", "Can someone explain how a person can bring 19 rifles into a hotel room, which included endless rounds of ammunition, without anyone noticing?  INSANE--just like our lack of safe gun laws. \n\nI'm as outraged as I'm horrified and depressed because nothing is going to change.\n\nDeepest sympathies to those who lost loved ones.", "I feel as others have shared, numb, and wanting some way to comfort families. \n\nThough I also hope that the body of the shooter is sent to a forensic laboratory, where a complete examination can investigate whether there was something that can be learned to help explain why this man decided to murder as many persons as possible, judging from the armament found. Can we learn something from this horrific crime, something that can help prevent a future crime of this nature? Charles Whitman was found to have a brain tumor that could have explained his abnormal behavior. Did Whitman complain to any one of the symptoms that post the tragedy were associated with his tumor? I look for ways to prevent and at the same time, sitting here at my home office desk, reading and crying over the senseless loss of people who could be my family, my friends, my students, and the strangers I say hello to wherever I may be at any time. ", "Why would you include a picture of what appears to be a severely injured, if not dead, woman, who will likely be recognizable by her friends and family, from her clothes?  I appreciate the need to show the horror, but for some family, you have likely increased their pain cruelly and unnecessarily. ", "Where is the war?  If the founding fathers were able to face the current congress regarding their ongoing failure to do anything to stop this continuing carnage they would ask them if they were out of their minds!  To think it would be OK to provide any one civilian with enough arms and ammunition to kill and wound hundreds in just a few minutes is beyond ludicrous.  ", "No serious criminal record? Isn't this a problem? We need more laws. ", "This is on Trumps watch. I am not holding my breath that he will do the right thing in the best interests of ALL our citizens.", "This is shocking - what is even more shocking is the fact that there will be even more sales do guns throughout the country.  Whenever there is a mass shooting, gun sales increase.", "Spare me the \"thoughts and prayers,\"  DO something about the ocean of guns in our country, CONGRESS.  Gun manufacturer stocks are WAY UP, today, and the NRA and Republican investors, and bribe takers, LOVE, love, love it.  This is not just once, it's dozens, even hundreds of times.  It's nonstop.  Our government (or should I say Republicrooks) won't do anything to protect us, with very simple gun regulations. Also, they're not interested in dealing with mentally ill people, or giving the,m the health care they need.   So, stop being shocked by this stuff.  It will ,again, very soon.", "There seems to be some question as to whether the cowardly murderer had automatic weapons. \n\nI have seen cellphone videos (with audio) of the opening moments of the attack. They record the sound of automatic weapons fire.  I have had automatic weapons fired at me and there is no mistaking the sound.  The cowardly murderer clearly opened up on a crowd of innocent people with an automatic weapon on full cycle.  ", "Thankfully we have a travel ban to protect us. A crazy American with unlimited access to firearms and ammunition causes 500 casualties. We need to reassess our priorities.", "This must be one more incident where second amendment is wrong, wrong, and wrong. Where were the good guys with guns?", "Please, please....Let there be a chain of evidence that connects the shooter to the guns.\nThe shooting ended a long time before the police came in.\nPlease let there be clear security camera footage on the hallway outside.\nI naturally fear the worst, sorry.", "A man brings 19 rifles up to his hotel room and nobody notices anything unusual?  What kind of security is that?", "How did this man get 19 weapons and perhaps thousands of rounds of ammunition into the 32nd floor of a hotel without any notice of anything amiss?", "Very horrifying story, Our condolences to those innocent people who out of no fault of theirs is lost in this scary attack .  This is insane. More than 19 riffles what does one man need all those guns for, for crying out loud. Jeez what is wrong with us.", "There are crazy people everywhere. Madness is not, unfortunately, an exclusively American trait. There are thousands of mad Paddlocks roaming the streets of Mexico, France, Brazil, Congo, and yes, Nevada.\n\n And yet, these kind of mass killings only happen in our cities. Why, we ask? The answer is childishly simple. Because in any other city outside of the USA, a man like Paddlock would not be able to buy a gun, let alone a semi-automatic weapon. A man like Paddlock, in say, Paris, would probably end up drunk and urinating outside his hotel and cursing at people, or maybe he'd kill himself by jumping onto the metro tracks. That is what crazy people do in any other country. \n\nBut in the US, however, they can buy a gun. Easily. You can even buy a machine-gun in several states. And then tragedy ensues. And then the NRA and 2nd amendment politicians argue it has nothing to do with guns. \n\nAnd we let them get away with it. And always will.", "America is sick. VERY sick. What will it take to convince legislators to finally do something about guns? ", "The killing of the day in our \"home of the brave, and land of the free!\"\n\nShould we stand or kneel when the national anthem is played? Better to kneel in prayer for those Americans who face the \"freedom of the bullet\". Better to raise a fist in defiance of the cowards in Congress and state legislatures who are bribed and intimidated by a the assault-weapons lobby.", "I suspect the NRA response will be to demand arming of all concert goers, and the Reflublicans will demand a tax cut.", "He wasn't a gunman.  Stop calling him that.  There are millions of gunmen and gunwomen in this country who aren't terrorists.  He was a terrorist.  A home-grown, made-in-the-USA terrorist.  This was terrorism.  Every time someone picks up a gun and shoots innocent people it is an act of terrorism.  Call it what it was.  Stop whitewashing.  We are angry and frustrated enough at all the terrible things happening in our country under the rotten people ruining it.  Don't insult our intelligence further.  Call it what it was.  Domestic terrorism.", "And don't forget that Congress recently passed legislation that exempts gun manufactures from 3rd party liability!!", "\"The Las Vegas gunman had 19 rifles in his hotel room, two on tripods at the windows, and hundreds of rounds of ammunition, an official said.\"\n\nIn other words, he was the kind of customer gun sellers love.", "We're always hearing from the NRA and their supporters that this kind of violence could be avoided if everyone was carrying a gun: the gunman would be immediately brought to justice...etc\n\nGuess what? That didn't happen, which of course it never does, because the gunman over 200 feet above ground in a private room.  I would love to know whether or not that factored into his cruel, evil calculus when planning this atrocity.", "Saying that this man was a \"lone wolf\" and isn't connected to any \"known terrorist organization\" erases the fact that white men with weapons are the biggest group of terrorists with the highest death rates of any other group in this country.", "The target speaks unwritten volumes. ", "How did he get all those weapons and ammo into that hotel? This is crazy!", "After dividing the nation in as many ways as he could to WIN he calls for unity.  \n\nRepeal of the 2nd amendment - the SCOTUS must do that if congress won't.\nDisband the NRA as a domestic terror organization.", "What do you expect? 300 million guns in circulation. Easy access to bullets. We're all sitting ducks - every one of us. Thank you NRA. Thank you Republicans.", "The \"good guys with guns\"--police officers!--were \"pinned down by gunfire\".\nWhat clever rejoinder/solution does the NRA have regarding this fact?", "How is someone able to check into a hotel with 19 rifles, Mandalay Bay?", "It is official: America is \"great\" again.", "\"Our unity cannot be shattered by evil, our bonds cannot be broken by violence.\u201d Potus today .(to which I d add:)\n....\"except  by my tweets and divisiveness \"", "Good on President Trump that he recognizes our latest firearms massacre as an act of evil. Step 2: Make it less convenient for the mass murderers among us -- our actors of evil -- to get their hands on their preferred tools of massacre. If Trump and our cowardly members of Congress who do the bidding of the NRA and its firearms allies fail to move to Step 2, they prove themselves to be accomplices to this evil of mass murder.", "Dreadful. Just dreadful. Heart goes out to those who have been hurt, and to the families and friends of those killed. Will take days to understand what really happened and why, but given the police and FBI resources that no doubt will be expended on this, I have no doubt that we'll get to the bottom of it. When we do, I fervently hope we can do something about minimizing the possibility that it could happen again ... I'm hopeful but not expectant.", "Prayers will NOT prevent gun deaths in the US!\nOnly rational gun safety laws can stop these attacks but the NRA has bought and now controls almost every Republican in Congress!", "European leaders should issue an immediate travel advisory to those considering  visiting the US. It's plainly unsafe here. ", "Trump calls this an \"act of pure evil,\" and he describes the actions of first responders as \"miraculous.\" The first responders did their jobs with outstanding skill. The gunman's motives are not known (as of 3:00 pm central, Oct. 2), but they were probably the malignant opposite of the love. But all that is human, so humbly and terrifically human. \"Evil\" and \"miracles\" are beyond human agency; to use that rhetoric, or to understand this tragedy through that rhetoric, makes it harder to understand how this is a story create by human will. Saying that the gunman was driven by evil does not allow us to understand the Earthly forces that drove him to this terrible act, and if we cannot analyze these tragedies for what they are, we cannot work to stop them. We cannot legislate to protect people from evil, and that's probably the point. ", "As I read so many of these comments, particularly the most popular, I am saddened by how the first impulse of  many  who chose  to express their feelings about about this unspeakable tragedy, was to first cast blame and make a political statement.   Could you not first have expressed your support for the loved ones of the victims ? That's what they need now, not the recriminations.\nHow incredibly sad it is that we cannot, even for a moment, come together, put aside our differences, simply mourn for those who lost their lives', and pray for the recovery of the injured.", "I add my condolences to the people, families and those impacted by the senseless violence. While I don't personally own a gun I respect people's rights, except in the case where somebody has multiple guns available to be used in a situation like this.  Some common sense must apply in our country.", "There is a sad irony to this story, if someone had gotten up in front of the crowd at this concert before the shooting and said \"guns don't kill people, people kill people\" and \"the 2nd amendment is everyone's best friend\" and \"the best way to say safe is if people are armed\", they would have been lustily cheered more than likely. It is funny, conservatives often say that the problem with this country is that people no longer know about consequences, don't understand the consequences (usually of government policies that they consider 'liberal'), but what about the consequences of having so many high powered weapons out in circulation? This guy had 19 weapons in his hotel room, that should make people think about the consequences of loose gun laws, but I doubt it will. ", "What a waste. \n\nI'd like to put aside the gun rights argument for a moment, and point out a tragedy that was narrowly averted. If conservatives had their way, up to a third of those wounded would have no longer have health insurance. And it would just be a crazed shooter ruining their lives, but conservative politicians.\n\nThis one shooting has caused me to change my mind on health care. Now, I think that if nation continues to worship the second amendment, at least give us single-payer health insurance.", "I believe that people who, in the past, simply committed suicide for one reason or another, now do the same after taking others with them. Especially in schools, where teenage suicide was rampart.\n\nI don't know what the answer is, but we need to have a serious national conversation about this. There will not be a simple answer, but we need to start.", "To hear Trump, the great divider and provocateur, call for love and unity is a joke.  What he could do is call for gun-control legislation.  That won't happen.", "The media claims that this is the worst mass shootings in the history of the US, but it would be more accurate to say that it is one of the worst, because there might have been a worst one before these types of things were recorded. The worst one might not have been recorded, so we don't know. Until we know, this will be the worst one.", "Thoughts and prayers don't help anybody - they are just a convenient way of avoiding the real issues: no civilian should be able to buy automatic or semi automatic weapons. No other country in the world allows this.\nSecond amendment proponents should read the constitution; it says \"well regulated militias\" not violent insane individuals can be armed.", "The 64-year-old man was dead when the police entered his room. It sounds like there may have been another shooter(s) who got out before the police arrived.", "If you think that the murder of 50 people is enough to move congress to pass meaningful gun control legislation you must not be in touch with American political system.  Nothing will happen.  Everyone will talk.  Nothing will be done.\nAm I pessimistic?  You bet.  Look at the presidency, the congressional representation, especially in red neck states like the one I live in, and you will see that there is no hope.  If I were a young man I believe I'd leave this country for a more civilized one, but I'm old, too old to resettle.  I continue to vote and support institutions that I believe promote peace, civility, freedom,  justice, decency, and education, but I just take a psychological beating every election.  I simply don't know what to do or what can be done.  I feel absolutely hopeless. ", "Let us not forget that this Congress and this President are pushing to make gun silencers legal. - A vote that is fast approaching.  If this shooter had been using a silencer, people would not have heard the shots and the confusion and the carnage would have been much much worse.", "Many Canadians give mega bucks to the USA: cross border shoppers, local people who regularly buy cheap gas, tourists and snow birds. I used to spend a lot of money cross border shopping in Washington state and yes I have been to Vegas. What started as being too lazy to renew my passport has stretched out for years...between the HARDER border and the gun violence that even occurs in Washington State I have stayed home and tried to support our beleagued local.merchants (property taxes and rents and out of control development which results in empty foreign held properties). I know Canada has a small population but when we read that any fool can get a silencer do you Americans not realize that you are going to turn many potential visitors carrying money off. We read also that trump is going to override local gun control laws.\nIt will be potential travellers world wide who decide to go elsewhere. People killed in Europe are small change compared to victims of gun violeance in the USA. ", "This deadliest yet in our history massacre brought to you by unfettered capitalism, i.e., GREED. With no concern or care about any ramifications whatsoever as to worst case scenario of product's intended purpose. Thought only to increase and to huge financial gain ... as validated by industry stock price increases per usual on day of mass shooting event.\nWe don't seem to want to give actionable credence to our regrets and remorse because onward continues the unmitigated, senseless slaughter of our fellow citizens and visitors. Unfettered capitalism is, at the heart, responsible for our laissez-faire actionable attitudes to these continuously reoccurring events. Hopeless is all I feel, one more time.", "So sad. It reminds me that America needs to spend money and time on mental health issues in hopes that some people could be identified and helped if at all possible. Just seems in America there are too many incidents like this, a desparate person venting and hurting others for no reason. I could be wrong but appears America has the worst problem, too many similar massacres. Why? ", "Our Fake President, should NFL players continue with their pre-game protests at tonight's game, will probably just lapse back into his typically hateful behavior and recommence his Twitter attacks. So much for a day of reflection.", "So, something like, \"Bellhop, please don't touch my luggage. I'll take all ten pieces up to my room myself.\"\nOr something like, \"Why does this guy have so much luggage for one person?\"", "Tragic and unfortunate! Why isn't an act of terrorism? Unless USA is as concerned about mass shooting as it is about 'terrorism', the carnage will continue to happen. ", "Don't talk to us about evil, Mr President.  Evil has been with us forever and you cannot eradicate it.  Talk to us about guns.  Tell us why private citizens need access to military-grade weapons.  I don't think you can.", "When we as Americans make a mass, consistent demand for low limits on how much money can be given to political candidates and the same limits on how much individuals or entities can give toward \"political speech\" designed to dominate public debate, THEN, groups like the NRA will not be able to control our politicians like puppets on a string. \n\nYou and I will be in control.\nNot the highest bidder for our representatives attention and favors. Out democracy will be clean and sensible. \n\nNo problem is beyond our control. \n\nWe just have to recognize the root of the problem. \n\nResponsible gun owners are fine.\nBut there is room for sensible regulation.\n\"A WELL REGULATED militia. \n\nOur founders believed that even the militia required regulation. \n\nWhy not individuals who want to possess firearms?\nIn life we have to compromise. \n\nThe most conservative Supreme Court Justice in out lifetime, Antonin Scalia even agreed with this. Read the Heller case.", "I've stopped watching the news due to all of the political chaos over the past year. When I finally read the NYT article on my lunch break at school today, I was both stunned and increasingly numb. Working as a high school teacher, we regularly practice for all sorts of crises - active shooter, earthquake, fire drill, tornado, and most recently as of 2016, airborne chemical attacks. The active shooter drill is the one that gets me all the time, especially since the horrific Sandy Hook tragedy in 2012. This afternoon as I taught, I sorrowfully reflected on how these incidents no longer shock as they once did. I also wondered what the world will be like for the young people that I teach today. While I hope for a better society without violence, I remember that my HS generation was tragically affected by Columbine in 1999. We hoped then, and we hope now.... ", "Again, readers blame this problem in the lack of gun controls. Deranged individuals could still get guns in the black market even if there were gun control laws in place. What nobody mentions is the amount of violent entertainment we see everywhere in video games, TV shows, and movies. This exposure of violence with constant shooting is what is affecting cultures worldwide. And we are the main suppliers of this entertainment saturated with violence. ", "The Supreme Court has been making pro-business decisions for many years. The Second Amendment allows guns for a \"well-regulated militia\".  Anyone who understand American History recognizes that was appropriate for the final decades of the 18th century when the American colonies of Great Britain had a frontier of several thousand miles facing French and Spanish colonies and the various native American homelands. It has been in the interests of munitions manufacturers to support opinions favoring private ownership of guns. We are the most weaponized society in history. None are safe.", "The irregular sound suggest a bump fire or slide fire mechanism, which is a way to get around the automatic weapons  requirements. You can also find, fairly easily, videos on how to modify a gun to be automatic. In my opinion, devices intended to get around automatic regulations should be illegal, and anyone posting such a video should be fined heavily, and the videos should be banned.", "This is obviously not the first time and unfortunately it will not be the lost, Unless majority of voters understand plain truths and vote for reform.\n1. Most perpetrators of mass murder are law abiding citizens till the moment they are not 2. Semiautomatic/automatic Guns kill more people more quickly than any other weapon legally available 3. Very very upsetting events happen to various individuals daily in a country of more than 300 million people. Many people are snapping and resorting violence and we became numb to the news of single digit deaths.\nIt is unfortunate events like Virginia tech, Sandy hook did not change the normal. I doubt this Los Vegas event can do something. I am hoping I will be wrong.", "Gun control is sold by Republicans as being \"big government\" (whereas for some or the other reason, controlling what you do in your bedroom isn't, to them, nor is using the law to systematically redistribute wealth to the 1% wealthiest Americans).\n\nHere's the thing though. The Second Amendment was written at a time when the federal government did NOT have the means yet to fulfill the first and foremost task of any government: to keep its citizens safe. So it made sense, at the time, to allow for militias who would guarantee security themselves, in certain areas of the country.\n\nToday, however, the US is the wealthiest country on earth, with the biggest military on earth. So of course, the government should be able to keep its citizens safe WITHOUT any militia, just like in any other Western country. And the Second Amendment doesn't even allow citizens to possess guns outside of militias. \n\nThe gun industry however doesn't like the idea of having much less customers, so they lobby the GOP in order to be able to continue to make the country unsafe. \n\nBecause let's be honest: if \"good guys with guns\" would be able to stop a mass carnage as it arises, where were they in Nevada, that has one of the loosest gun control laws in the entire country ... ? \n\nIn real life, it was the police that ended the carnage and did its job. Now if we can just stop selling guns to no matter who, maybe the police will be able to focus on its normal, daily job just like in any other Western country...", "Trump labels this \"pure evil.\" How simplistic a diagnosis for what was almost certainly a mentally troubled individual. Until we can take a step back and adopt a more nuanced approach to mental illnesses in all of their various forms, we are destined to do absolutely nothing to prevent further recurrences of the heinous violence that befell Las Vegas last night.\n\nLet's drop the \"pure evil\" proclamations from our vocabulary and begin a more cogent analysis of what we're up against with these mass shooting situations.", "The first responsibility of any government is the safety of its people.   It seems like our government can't manage that.  The NRA and the boatloads of cash it keeps spilling into GOP troughs is far more important to our Republican masters.   So when it comes to ultimate responsibility for this and other gun-related tragedies, let us be clear: the 'leaders' who sold our safety for their personal gain are responsible.   ", "All around exceptional and fast reporting with great detail. Thank you.", "Here at my school we are talking about what has happened. It is awful that someone would do such a thing, but thing is we have to think now on how to prevent it from happening again. A suggestion from one of my class discussions was that maybe the guy had been treated badly by many of the people of the town or maybe he been having bad days and over reacted. They have very valid points. The fact that this gentleman took his life as well says he either regretted it or wanted to be known for something. I don't know maybe he was living in the shadows and he felt this need to get attention.\nBut we can't change what happened. We can only better what is to come. We must treat all with respect and gratitude. Give a kind word to a stranger. Be courteous and helpful. Its those simple little things that could solve many of the problems today.\nIf we all just got along then we wouldn't have wars with anyone even separate countries. We are given the right to our own opinion and freedom of speech, but we are also given a opportunity weather or not to say or speak of it.\nIf we all thought before we spoke or acted the world would turn a lot better. ", "No use blaming our politicians. \n\nThe politicians will do nothing except offer their 'prayers', unless the voters and the eligible but non-voters get their act together. ", "Sorry but I really don't understand the President's comments about coming together in unity as a nation after this horrific event - unity around what?  Unity for what?  Unified against crazy people with guns?  I don't think that works in the U.S. \n\nWhat ray of hope is he talking about that we need to seize upon?  Hope that we or our children won't be victims of the next assault weapon attack by a nut with nothing to live for?  Hope is ineffective in such cases.  \n\nHow about we unify around banning assault weapons?  Okay then, maybe about continuing to ban gun silencers?  ", "My sympathies go out to the victims and their families. My appreciation to the first responders and those immediately on the scene that reached out to help others and risking their own safety.\n\nYou can blame the Republicans, Democrats, and NRA as much as you want, but until they have better controls over sales and medical/mental mandatory background checks. Quite watering down laws, and regulations and instead bolster and strickly enforce all violations. The government cut back on mental illness programs and funding and we are all paying for it now, one way or another. Everybody is going to do their part to make it better.", "We can only hope that if enough people suffer because of these mass shootings, that maybe there will be enough affected to vote for politicians who will do something about this. ", "GUNS kill people faster than PEOPLE without guns.\nHow about some gun control AT LEAST on automatic AND semi-automatic weapons ?\nEven if such control is enforced at the HOTEL or HIGH RISE building entrances so no guns go to an elevation? NO one there asked why he has so many guns in a hotel room? Stupid and senseless freedom to kill because of the NRA.", "When on earth are we going to change our gun laws? We are truly a sick society. If carnage like this continues, at the hands of mentally ill or angry U.S. CITIZENS  who have easy access to any weapon on the planet, there is no amount of band-aids, medicine, rehab or life support that will sustain us as a nation. Shameful.", "In contrast to prior mass shootings, this one may change the way we live as Americans for two terrifying reasons: (1) anywhere that people congregate in public is a potential target; and (2) until last night, the gunman was utterly unremarkable.  The enemy really is us and, next time, could be anyone including your neighbor.   ", "What is most likely to happen next:\n\n(1) There will be a rush on gun stores as wannabe gun owners snap up AR-15 semi-automatics and similar weapons... fearing that this will be the event which changes hearts and minds toward meaningful gun controls.\n\n(2) The NRA will say it is too soon to talk about gun laws while we are still mourning the loss of victims lives.\n\n(3) Thoughts and prayers will flow in abundance in all directions. A cost free, effort free response which does nothing, while instilling smug self-satisfaction.\n\n(4) Politicians will make condolence noises.\n\n(5) No gun control laws will change, nothing will get better.\n\n(6) America will wait for another new \"biggest mass shooting\" record to be set\n\nIt doesn't have to be this way folks. As big the problem seems, it can be made better.", "Hard to think of good news, but if this had happened in a less civil society, more would have dies being trampled than from the psychopath shooter. It's encouraging to see that people kind of looked out for each other and didn't panic.", "Objectively, I'm sorry these people have been harmed or killed.  But I don't feel intense sadness for the victims, and certainly no need to pipe down in order to \"pay them respect.\"  I also, contrary to our president's words, don't see God or evil in any of this.  I see an average man with man-made weapons who randomly killed people in an urban center before killing himself.  He wasn't special: ANYBODY could do this, with the right weapons.  \n\nThere won't be anyone to go after for this crime because he used his own weapons against himself.  Insulting him or painting him as dangerously unusual won't hurt him or help anybody else.  We probably won't even ever get a full answer to why he did it (or \"really\" did it).  All I know is I don't want to get shot at randomly, by anybody, man, woman, white, brown, Christian or Muslim.  I am not against any gun ownership or guns for hunting, but any kind of military-grade weapon needs to be off-limits for civilians, and there need to be much stricter controls.  Period.  And I will use this incidence not as a crutch for more empty religious talk or victim comfort or whatnot.  I will use this as an example in EVERY gun control argument I have from here on out.", "From my country, our deepest condolences.\nSurely, it goes without saying? Enough.", "In 2015, over 36,000 Americans were killed by guns, approximately 13,000 homicides and 22,000 suicides.  Legal intervention accounted for less than 500.\n\nOur politicians lack of action on sensible gun control and the  facts around suicide kills more people each year than terrorists ( who certain politicians seem to obsess on).\n\nWhat a sorry bunch of characters....", "\"My warmest condolences.\"\n\nWould you say that to a neighbor whose son had just been murdered?\n\n\"My God, I am shocked and so sorry to hear this.\nOh, my God.\"\n\nOr if you were the President (of normal humanity):\n\n\"My heart breaks for all the families who have lost loved ones and all who were injured.  You have my love and the love of all Americans at this tragic hour.\"\n\nOf course one would have to be normal to say such a thing.", "Thank you, President Trump,\n\nthe fruits of your executive order of overturning the law to allow mentally ill not to own weapons is sadly bearing its fruits. \n\nIn mourning of all the innocent victims of the NRA.", "Took police 20 minutes to reach his room! All they had to do was respond to the fire alarm! Or, count the number of floors up to the broken window 'porthole' - along with the # of windows from the corner. Then they waited, waited, and waited some more - for explosives to blow the door open, instead of taking a bit of risk and using the hotel's master key! No bravery there, whatsoever!\n\nThen there was DJT's dancing around on the topic of gun control when he made his remarks - no bravery there either. \n\nFace it - the NRA and its rabid followers dominate politicians! Find the bravery in that - if you can!", "If you say ban all guns, you'll miss the opportunity to take real effective action.\nStep 1: ban all AUTOMATIC and semi-AUTOMATIC guns.\nTheir only purpose was fulfilled by this shooting: Kill as many people as you can as quickly as you can.\nThey are for killing people.\nIf you believe that a handgun will make you safer, then regular revolver or pistol will more than suffice unless you are going against an army.\nAutomatic and semi-automatic guns do not make you any safer.\nBAN them now Congress and President!\nThis carnage and especially the next is on your souls.", "After Sandy Hook I became convinced that Congress would not strengthen gun laws until somebody burst into the Senate or House chamber and slaughtered tens, perhaps dozens of Congressional leaders.  Only then, when the blood was dripping in their own chambers, would they actually do anything.", "I'm 71 and have a good memory.  The other day I say the University of Texas tower and was a little shocked that the shooting by Charles Whitman wasn't mentioned.  It used to be tower = sniper.  The biggest difference in Las Vegas is the use of automatic weapons.  They said Whitman had a brain tumor.  Maybe this guy did too.  Thank you NRA for enabling this madman.", "Nothing will be done as long as the NRA can continue financing the campaigns of the GOP.", "Perhaps the NRA can remind us again how more guns could have prevented this carnage. Gun control might have. Sympathy for the innocents.", "Cue the sad music, the candlelight vigils, the flowers, the teddy bears,  Every time one of these mass shootings occurs, it is the same old story.  Days of non-stop coverage, thoughts and prayers, candlelight vigils, then, nothing.\nPerhaps this time, perhaps after Orlando, Perhaps after Virginia Tech, Perhaps after the Charleston church, perhaps after Newtown.....\nWash, rinse, repeat.  Wash, rinse, repeat. Wash, rinse, repeat.", "Every single comment here is about controlling guns. \n\nGuess what. Automatic weapons have been illegal for 80 years. Gun control didnt work to prevent this guy from getting automatic weapons. \n\nWe live in a time where only 5% of shipping containers can have any real inpection process, and the mail is barely inspected at all. Just look at the success of Silk Road, which send billions of dollars of drugs through the mail. Even of we banned guns, all that would do is create a huge business for Mexican drug gangs and the Mafia to import guns illegally. \n\nIf we banned guns the first thing we wouls need to do is invade every single house in America.and confiscate all the guns. 300 million guns would have to be found and destroyed. Then, for several decades afterwards, we would have to allow police the right to stop and frisk anyone they like for guns. We would have to set up checkpoints and frisk anyone suspicious. \n\nI just dont think repealing the second amendment would work unless we were willing to give up freedoms that define us as Americans. ", "So Americans, is it time yet? I ask everyone, those with first graders, those with kids in high school and college, those who attend church, those who work in offices, those who shop in malls, those who attend country music festivals... is it time yet to stand up to the NRA? ", "Terrible, awful, miserable, disgusting.\n\nNot however, as shocking as it would perhaps be to someone who had not watched the video 'Collateral Murder'.  Whatever the motivation of this murderer,  we can not longer pretend that being gunned down from above is something that can only happen to poor, brown people.", "   I am so glad the \"president\" has eased up on firearm regulations. Now it is so much easier for mentally unstable people like him to acquire the means to commit atrocities such as the one that occurred in Las Vegas. ", "Is it okay to take a knee before the flag, now?", "Many comments declaring this to be terrorism. It's not. Terrorism is the killing of innocent people to advance a political objective. \n\nIn point of fact, this is much much WORSE than terrorism, because terrorism can potentially be fought. For example, the US could have prevented ISIS altogether had we refrained from demolishing Iraq and kiling upward of a million people in a war of aggression based exclusively on lies. \n\nFurther, terrorists can occasionally be reasoned with. Even Bin Laden favored negotiation with the US over further violence. \n\nLas Vegas, by contrast, was an act of unadulterated lunacy in a country with lax gun laws and an astonishingly high rate of mental illness that affects as much as one third of the country. Strict gun laws are the ONLY means of reducing the daily carnage. ", "Until we overcome the NRA and its allies in the \"firearms community,\" scenes of real-life terror, like that shown in the photo immediately left on my computer screen will repeat with minor variations. The NRA and its cowardly congressional lackeys obviously recognize no ceiling, no limit, to the number of \"acceptable\" firearms murders and maimed victims -- or the hundreds of families they leave behind, destroyed. ", "\"Our unity cannot be shattered by evil, our bonds cannot be broken by violence.\" - Donald Trump\n\nThis coming from the most divisive president in US history. This coming from the man who has repeatedly incited violence at his rallies. This coming from the man who has purposefully torn the fabric of civility and has explicitly contributed to the devolution of decorum and sanity in American culture. Some of that blood is on his hands.", "Guns terrify me and I can't ever imagine myself wanting or firing one.  That said, several members of my family are hunters/conscientious gun owners and in that context I support the 2nd amendment.  That said, I also believe that if the Framers could have seen the kinds of firearms available to US citizens in the 21st century, they would have questioned the need for any private citizen to own them -- and would have agreed wholeheartedly that such weapons would need to be well and truly regulated.", "News outlets should show all the graphic horror of death and carnage so that everyone can be rightfully disgusted at the carnage brought on by unrestricted assault rifles.  No more editing of the savage imagery.  ", "More gun laws will do nothing to help the situation. The guns are already here. One way to improve the odds of this not happening again is to not publish the name of the perpetrator. If some deranged person wants to become famous, this type of shooting is an easy way to do it.", "As long as the Republicans are in charge, we will not be able to effectuate effective Australian style gun control. Gun control that dropped gun deaths by at least 50%. \n\nIn the alternative, we probably need to start training our children how to react in these types of combat situations. Patrols could have been deployed to guard against active shooters. The lights could have been immediately cut off. The people, no doubt, ran in a straight line towards the exists (bad idea). It might have been better for some to simply play possum. \n\nAnd recall that the next gunman, perhaps next month, will be equipped with newly legalized silencers for his rifles. Here, he could kill half the crowd before the people knew they were being shot at. \n\nIf this had been a crowd of trained. experienced Marines, the death toll would have still been high, but not as high as we now see. If we cannot implement sane gun control, and we cannot do that with the Republicans in Congress, then we need to start training our children to operate under fire.  ", "Ugh this is not good. From the video its obvious he is firing a gun on automatic. From the sound it appears to be an AR-15 or M16A2 with an extended clip. The AR-15 fires at 700 rounds per minute if modified to fire automatically, meaning that he had to have 100 round clips to fire continuously for 9 seconds. \n\nAutomatic weapons have been illegal for over 80 years. This man illegally owned these weapons. This man wasnt following any gun control laws. \n\nThe only way to stop people like this through gun control would be to deploy the National Guard, invade every house in America and confiscate every gun found. We would then have to live in a police state where the cops can stop and frisk us anytime they like for guns. \n\nIn a free society of 300 million people who believe in different Gods, this type of event is going to happen. Its the price we pay for being a free society in a time of terrorism. If we give in and create a police state then the terrorists have won. \n\nAs for banning assault rifles, even this doesnt change my mind. You can modify a .22 to be an automatic. You can just get more guns. You could use acid or a truck or a bomb. You could use a knife or an axe or even a rock. Timothy Mcvey (bad spelling) used a fertilzer bomb to kill 5 times the people that this guy killed. \n\nGuns dont kill people, people kill people. Ive owned 10 guns for years and I havent killed a single living creature. If the cops gave up assault rifles, I would too but thats it. ", "As somebody who identifies with neither the left nor right, and bases their political views solely on iron-clad logic, all I have to say is thank god we have a republican congress, and there won't be any tightening of gun control in response to this incident. This man had no warning signs that would have prevented him from obtaining a firearm legally. To deny him weaponry would require denying all sane, responsible civilians their 2nd amendment rights. For those who claim that only a soldier or police should have access to full-auto weaponry, or firearms period..what are we going to do when those soldiers and police are inevitably corrupted by their consolidated power and become the terrorists themselves? This is why the 2nd amendment is so important. Take a look in a history book if you don't believe in this threat. The threat of consolidated power is far, far greater than the threat of a lone crazed gunman. Guns aren't the issue anyway. Millions of people have been massacred before guns were available. What about home-made explosives? If I decide tomorrow that I want to slaughter a few hundred people then kill myself, gun control or not, I will find a way. The only true way to stop these crimes from happening entirely is to strip away all freedom and halt free will. You have to weigh the pros against the cons, and the cons of living in a police state to prevent crime far outweighs the pros. If you want the violence to end, address the root of the problem, not the symptom.", "Everyone feels sympathy for the victims & families, but in a matter of minutes you're reading a different article, another political topic that is deserving of attention, and life resumes normally for you. \n\nWe have allowed the evolution of a political system where we render ourselves worthless, our thoughts, wants, and needs go completely tended to by the fascists who own us. We have no one to blame but ourselves for these tragedies. Complaining about it on the internet does nothing to stop the NRA from buying our politicians, and the only way the system will change is if we stop rolling over and letting it happen. Mass boycotting our corporate jobs in solidarity until the laws change is one example of necessary action. We forget the government is supposed to SERVE us, it cannot function without our participation. We deserve more than what we've been given, especially when we're in the overwhelming majority and it's time we actually do something about this. Otherwise, your \"prayers\" comments all over the internet are hallow and meaningless. The victims would appreciate action, and I'm sure not a single one of them would prefer we \"wait\" to do something necessary. That's how we keep allowing there to be more victims. Let's get a move on.", "Imagine the carnage if he had a silencer?\n\nWhere I work there is a contingent of rabid gun-rights supporters. The more this happens, the more they are determined to keep the government out of their business and away from their husbands' gun caches. As both sides get more entrenched it just seems utterly hopeless. ", "On Saturday I read that Las Vegas has an issue of escalating crime.  Today we see that guns can be bought & owned in Las Vagas without any license or registration required, thus ex-criminals (though this killer wans not, but one read in the Post that his father was, if one can believe the Post) can easily own an arsenal without anyone willing to stop them, and in comparison you still need  a hunting license to hunt and fishing license to fish.  Why is the gun industry so strong?  Why are people so stupid as to tolerate this ridiculous form of frankly, mass murder, thanks to their own elected officials and manufacturers who are known by one and all.  I wait for the day when there is some kind of rebellion against this insanity.  Once again no one with a gun stopped this from happening.  Including the two policemen who were off duty and killed.  And now the fortunes of the killers (the manufacturers by proxy) are once again soaring.", "\u201cPure evil\u201d is accepting donations and caving to pressure from the gun lobby to continue to allow the sale of automatic weapons and handguns to the public for profit. This kind of mass murder in a developed country could only happen in America.", "\"Hillary wants to abolish, essentially abolish, the Second Amendment. By the way, and if she gets to pick --if she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do, folks. Although the Second Amendment people, maybe there is, I don't know. But I'll tell you what, that will be a horrible day, if -- if -- Hillary gets to put her judges in.\"\n\nWhy, it's just another great day in America, because we have Donald Trump, Neil Gorsuch, and \"the Second Amendment people\" to make us great! And when I see the bloody, tearful images of the greatness they promote, and when I hear them say we need to come together over this great, gory mess, and when they insist we proudly show our respect for the great show of flags that will fly at half staff, again, I just want to tell them to shut up and take responsibility for the senseless deaths and violence they have promoted. That would be great.", "Do you really need this, America? As appalled as I am by this heart-breaking tragedy, I am just as furious at the people who urge others not to 'politicise' this massacre. I hope people stop giving a free pass to the Notional Rifle Association - notionally an organization of gun lovers, but in reality a thuggish frontman for the military-industrial complex, allowing the satanic mills (to quote a British writer) to rake in mega profits in the civilian sphere as well. After all, you can't have a war everyday, can you?\n\nI can only imagine the despair of those people in your country who want sensible gun laws. There is absolutely no help to be expected from one side of the aisle. If Steve Scalise can come back from a near-death experience, unreformed and unchastened, what hope is there for the rest? That lot would probably support the current madness which passes for gun policy even if their own children were mowed down in front of their eyes with the latest (silenced) automatics. \n\nHowever, the darkest hour is just before the dawn. I hope and pray that the evil which we saw today acts as a catalyst to bring about much-needed reform to your insane gun laws.", "Apparently the stock shares of two of the biggest gun manufacturers (Sturm Ruger and American Outdoor Brands \u2014 formerly Smith & Wesson) are higher today as investors anticipate a spike in gun sales in light of Vegas.\n\nPuts a whole new meaning on the phrase, \u201cblood money.\u201d", "Perhaps a good start would be by eliminating gun shows through out the country. These are the places where many automatic weapons are acquired illegally. Shut them down.", "The right to bear arms?  What about my - and our - right to live free from the fear that we will be gunned down at the whim of anyone with a firearm?  I don't care if they're mentally ill, white, black, green, with a military background or without, in ISIS or not.  We deserve to live in peace.  And something must be done.", "Here is part of an email I sent to Bass Pro Shops today:\n\nTo whom it may concern. \n\nRecently I happened to be in the Bass store in Memphis, Tennessee, while visit relatives in the area. While browsing through the items, I saw a mug with the message: 1. God. 2. Guns. Any Questions? At the time I rolled my eyes and thought, \"Okay, well it's a sporting goods store.\" But it kept bothering me...and given today's events, I feel compelled to share my thoughts. \n\nOn the day of the worst gun U.S. massacre yet, the message on that mug and sentiment it expresses - that's guns are second only to God in importance, and the defiance and belligerence of the \"Any Questions?\" rejoinder - is especially offensive and sickening. \n\nGiven the horror of these mass shooting I would hope your company would reconsider the kinds of messages displayed by your merchandise . Selling hunting gear is one thing - pandering to the basest instincts of your clientele is something quite different. \n\nYour merchandise and the messages they display represents your company's values.  On this terrible day I hope you will reconsider what you are putting out there for the public to see and absorb. ", "I feel as anguished as I did the day the children were killed in Sandy Hook, but I lost all hope that day, and now just await reports that some people are calling this event a hoax.", "In a version of the anti-abortion legislation proposal, prospective gun purchasers should have to watch film of his favorite dog breed being shot by his chosen weapon.\nAfter all, if you're buying a gun for personal protection, we must assume that you're willing to kill another human being.\nIt could be a printed certificate with a big gold seal with each purchase.", "To the NYT.  \n\nI understand this may take some time but can you please publish a list of all of the members of Congress who have received campaign donations from the NRA?\n\nIf possible could you also publish the amount of money that was received by each politician since they have been elected into their office?\n\nFinally, are there any superPACs supported by the NRA and if so what are they?\n\nLet us have a clear understanding of who has the blood of innocents on their hands.", "I'm over this country. I wish we could separate ourselves from red America. The America that thinks its ok for a shooter to kill little kids and still we do nothing. We deserve what we get. North Korea, nukes, mass shootings and all. Maybe we are finally getting all the violence we constantly put out. ", "All outdoor concerts or large meetings, where a sniper can take an overlooking position,  should be banned. They're unsafe.", "You'd think at least one good guy with a gun would've been in that crowd watching the conference.  How come that good guy wasn't able to take out the gunman in the 10+ minutes the shooting persisted?  Something doesn't make sense here!!", "Ever since James Brady was shot in DC in 1981 these tragedies have grown uglier & greater, right along with the NRA's constant lobbying of Congress for more guns available anywhere. The one nagging question no one can answer or justify: why does a citizen need almost unlimited access to military grade arms and ammo at gun shows & online with no background checks? Some say it's to protect themselves from the gov't. We're not the 13 colonies anymore; there's no way these lone wolfs or \"militias\" could overthrow our gov't when we have 6 armed forces + local/state police, armed to the hilt.\nSo they shift gears & say it's to protect from home invasions. OK, we're not talking about taking away all guns but restricting sales of military grade arms & ammo. If someone with that level of firepower invades your home, you're dead before you get to your cupboard or safe. Your money's better spent on a home alarm system and a good Glock...with fingerprint only access. Oh wait, NRA was against that so it failed to happen.\nThe NRA now largely exists for gun manufacturers and this very minute they're lobbying for silencers to be legal. Cause it will mean more hardware for gun manufacturers to sell.  Not important that more people will perish. Contact your local congress. rep and ask them to grow a moral compass. They won't though. Because the NRA is a huge benefactor of the GOP.\nI've had it with the GOP and their morally depraved agenda. ", "Get back to the DACA rollback. Thanks GOP.", "I'm wondering why the NYT doesn't feel the need to state the race of the gunman. We're told that an \"Asian\" woman may have conspired with him, but nowhere does it say that Stephen Paddock is white. If he was a black, Hispanic, Arab, Asian (nonwhite) man, that would surely be a part of how he gets described, but in this article his race remains invisible. This is how whiteness works. NYT, you have an ability and responsibility to stop perpetuating the invisibility of whiteness.", "I can hear the gun lobby and their toadies in Congress right now: \"If only those concert goers had all been armed, they could have all fired back at the shooter.\" Sigh. ", "More oceans of blood. More blather from the usual suspects of how MORE guns would have prevented this. Like arguing that infecting someone dying of cancer with malaria is the best idea for a cure...\n\nMore terrorism. Not from Middle Easter fanatics. Just a home grown terrorist who had an arsenal so when whatever snapped he was ready to inflict mass murder. ", "Wouldn't it be a GODSEND if\u2014\n\nOur erratic President unexpectedly lurched against the NRA's position on sale and possession of assault rifles, saying it made no sense for them to be sold or available. That would give him another win with the Democrats.\n\n[Assault rifles already in private possession would be BOUGHT BACK during a grace period, after which their possession would be illegal. Yes, the occasional rogue police officer\u2014like Christopher Dorner who terrorized the Los Angeles area in 2013\u2014but such occurrences as his among trained police officers are fortunately very rare.]", "I give it until Thursday when Trump will start tweeting again about those awful NFL players and ungrateful Puerto Ricans. ", "Well, I am wondering where the 64 year old man got AUTOMATIC WEAPONS!? He had no military background at all! So I am just confused where he got something that sounds like a machine gun. Also, as another person who commented said, I agree, nobody kills Americans better than other Americans. --Natalya Choate", "Thanks to the NRA lobby and the gun culture, this horrific killing merely provides an \"creative\" example for the next shooter to come along, and surely he will. Access to these types of weapons emboldens evil individuals to pursue this \"sick American sport of carnage.\" And our cowardly leaders in government don't just  sit back, they embolden this....We have seen the face of evil...in the gunman...and in those who supply him with \"legal\" weapons. ", "AR-15 and other assault rifles....absolutely no need for the general population to own them...BAN THEM NOW.", "Over fifty people dead, 50 mourning families, and our \"progressives\" are here gleefully using it to push their political preferences.  No sense of morality.", "Assault weapons should be banned immediately. ", "Please, please stop calling these men \"Lone Wolf\".  It feeds into their macho, solider of fortune wannabee fantasies.  Call them what they are: 'sad loser\", 'lonely failure' and 'laughing stock'.   ", "... and this weekend there is a big gun show scheduled for Las Vegas. ", "He couldn't even say anything from his own heart or brain. He had to read a speech. It sounded as his speeches usually do, like they weren't his own words or ideas, like he didn't really believe them, like calculated political words. He couldn't even have the spine to stand and take questions. He whimpered off after his \"performance,\" as he usually does, and as he especially did during the election. And, then, he recited scripture in such a humble tone. No word as to any policy action or change. From the same man who recently threatened to \"destroy\" a country. Calls for \"unity\" from the same man who has blatantly divided so that he can win political office. \"It was evil. ...pray\" he said.\nHe refused to take questions because obviously the questions would be about guns, which is his political tool. So, the man who's divided the country and said a lot of hateful things and palled around with hate groups, opted to wimp off, like the best kid ever at Sunday school.\nAnd, of course, the media as ever presented the \"performance!\" Rotten!!!   ", "Take a good look, America, this is what easy access to firearms does, this is what happens when the NRA and its Congressional shills shred every last sane piece of gun-control legislation.  This is the America the NRA wants is all to live in . . . and why?  So you'll be frightened to death and feel that you need to buy guns.", "The NRA should be designated a Domestic Terrorist Organization for providing material support for terrorism and be prosecuted under the Patriot Act. The NRA's Congressional supporters should all be voted out of office. Let's start with  the NRA Grade A rated members of the US Congress. It is time to send a strong message to all our political leaders who have been corrupted by specual interests by voting against them. ", "Explain to me again why semi-automatic weapons and unlimited ammo are available to anyone with a credit card? It's not like you hunt deer with them. Maybe this is the real problem - take note all you NRA supporting GOPers.  ", "I detest the use of the world record when referring to mass casualties of gun violence, as if our fellow human beings are some type of a sports statistic.  \n\nEven more detestable is that there is someone in our country right now who wants to break that \"record\" of murdering 58 innocent people, as of now, and has the means to do it.\n\nThis is our America.", "I'm numb.  And I am also not holding my breath that anything will be done. We can't even agree on what the problem is (automatic weapons, guns, mental health, violence on TV, not enough police, not enough tax money, etc, etc., etc.) much less the solution nor do we have the political or economic will to act. So people will post comments like me, rage against the system that allows this to happen, blame the liberals, blame the conservatives, make emotional speeches, fly flags at half mast and then wait until the next massacre. And then we will do it all over again. If nothing can be done after the massacre of grade school children, why would this moment be any different? It isn't and it won't be.", "   Donald Trump and Stephen Paddock are the bookends of our times.", "I must be one of the last to hear the news, and I've got tears in my eyes, shaking with horror, but also with anger.  The nation's gun laws must change.  Since the mass shooting in a movie theater years ago, I stopped going to movie theaters.  At first out of fear, then as political statement.  The film and music industry are not to blame, but if the public were to boycott theaters and concerts, the entire entertainment industry would demand action on gun control.  They're a more powerful lobbying group than we are, and economics have significant influence with politicians.  Please let us know if you have other ideas.  Now IS the time to talk about it.", "I am in shock. I can't work this morning. Here in Los Angeles, Vegas feels like our sister town. I have been going there since I was a child. Vegas was just down the road, up Interstate 15. Always fun. The lights, sounds, steak and eggs. Vegas is about having fun and enjoying life. To have this happen in Vegas is to hit the heart of entertainment in America. Truly sad.  ", "Not one politician calling for gun control maybe standing for the anthem is more important. ", "The rest of the world simply shakes their head and wonders what is wrong with America? How many innocent lives have to be lost before we as a society put in place common sense controls like every other civilized county? Would it completely stop shootings? Of course not, but it would help tremendously.", "If would be better if we waited until we have more facts about Stephen Paddock before bringing politics into the discussion.  There will be lots of time to talk about gun control after the motive of the murderer is revealed.  This investigation will not be a quick one as there are many pieces of the puzzle that must be put together.  This was a man by all accounts who appeared normal but apparently was anything but.  This will take time and let's let all the facts come out.  Right now many people are mourning the loss of loved ones and they are suffering terribly.  Let's keep them in our thoughts and prayers at this extremely sad and unfortunate time.", "Deny deny deny. \n\nWe are not killing our planet. \n\nThe Russians didn't hack our elections. \n\nWe won't have deficits when we cut taxes for the rich.  \n\nGuns don't kill people.  ", "Regardless of the 2nd Amendment, there is no rational reason for anyone to have been allowed to obtain the arsenal deployed to commit this crime.  The nearly six hundred direct victims of this crime deserve more than \"moments of silence\" and platitudes from elected officials, which when the perpetrator of the crime is a white male and not a muslim is the Pavlovian response.  Politicians tweet and speak, NRA officials tweet and speak, constituents who want rational gun laws tweet and speak, nothing gets done, wait for next tragedy, rinse and repeat.  On the other hand, if the shooter were a Muslim, we'd want to shut the borders, build walls, deny humanitarian aid to refugees.  Both responses are extreme and do nothing to make reality better for American's safety.  It's just crazy and wrong.  So sad we lack the will to be rational and thoughtful.", "Trump's speech was as moronic as those made, repetitively, by European politically correct mis-leaders: We'll not surrender... evil act... we stand united... our hearts go out... our prayers... etc etc etc.\n\nWhat did Churchill and Roosevelt do? They fire bombed Dresden. What should Trump and the European politicians do? Depending on the source of terror, they need to bomb Mecca or bomb the NRA.  We need leaders who lead, not pontificate. And leading means, to find an effective way to return our part of the world to sanity. These massacres simply didn't happen in the 50's, 60's and so on. What has changed? Availability and legality of certain types of guns; and crazed Muslims running around the world. Put a stop to both. Trump talks loudly about stopping the Muslims; fine. Let him talk loudly (and act) about stopping the NRA madness as well.", "I understand there\u2019s a travel alert in Europe because some guy stabbed 8 people with a knife, killing two. Do they have travel alerts in Europe to warn about us? ", "Such a measured, composed and rational response from our President.\n\nWould he have responded in the same dignified manner if the perpetrator had a Muslim background with no connection to any terrorist organizations?\n\nWould his tweet have started with anything other than \"this is why..\"?", "How does the \"Good Guy with a gun\" work in this case?", "Too soon to talk about firearm restrictions?", "Why is this \"gunman\" not called \"AMERICAN\" Terrorist?\nIt is interesting how we use our words, no?", "Isis doesn't really need to stage any terrorist attacks here - we can do it to ourselves.", "I keep looking at articles, here and elsewhere, about this shooter to see if he was white and/or Christian.  (He doesn't have to be a church-goer, of course; some outlier who believes Jesus hates country music would be enough....)  I haven't run across any information on either front, which I guess, by default, suggests he was both.  And that we shouldn't blame ALL those who fit that description just because Stephen was a terrorist.  Perhaps we can give blacks, Muslims, and foreigners the same leeway.", "If everyone had been armed with a decent rifle, they could have brought down the shooter pretty quickly and avoided most of the bloodshed.\nOnce again, the NRA would have been right.", "I'm glad I live in a country with sane gun laws.", "I have just one question for the gun-lovers in this country: How could a good man with a gun have stopped this bad man with many guns?", "Question here directed to Wayne LaPierre, his ilk and whole ranks of attorneys who have grown wealthy defending a fraudulent reading of the 2nd Amendment: What \"well-regulated militia\" did current Las Vegas shooter and his earlier fellow assassins represent?", "Instead of the usual empty \u201cthoughts and prayers\u201d, I would love to hear a NRA-supporting member of Congress say, \u201cThese victims died for our freedom\u201d to the public.  Isn\u2019t that the hideous, distorted truth according to the NRA?", "Watching Republican lawmakers pray & give their condolences just absolutely sickens me!  Their lack of responsibility is beyond disgusting!  Too think that these same lawmakers just presented a bill to allow silencers & armor piercing bullets easier to obtain.  Can you imagine if a silencer had been used?  I could go on & on but nothing will change for the better.  Just waiting to hear, \u201cif only the concert goers had guns they could\u2019ve stopped this\u201d.  My heart goes out to all involved!!", "I say only \n\nNRA.\n\nNRA you are the shooter in this incidence. \n\nTalking rest of the issues is futile. ", "His brother didn't know where he got fully automatic weapons - the only place is the black market. You can't buy them in gun stores or shows.", "Perhaps Trump will award the victims a golf trophy instead of doing the right thing and getting to grips with the out of control gun problem in this country.", "Welcome to yet another tragic day brought to you by the NRA's willful and cynical misreading of the 2nd Amendment.", "When things like this happen and I try to imagine a solution that would attenuate incidences such as these, I am overwhelmed by a feeling of hopelessness and despair. The actions and motivations of some of our lawmakers that are elected to serve our citizens are secondary to the will of the gun lobbies or other lobbies that work against the interests of our fellow citizens. I read comments from others that suggest a way to begin shaping changes to our gun predicament, but even if the majority of the public supports one of these ideas, we are subjected to a system that silences them - by the powerful interests that finance our lawmakers or by gerrymandering to retain or increase their power.\n\nSo much of a change is warranted for our Constitution. As designed it was effective for our society in the 1780s, but now that our society has ballooned 80-fold, certain things should no longer apply to preserve the volume of our voices.", "I too feel numb about this and I seriously doubt any changes will come about to solve this recurrent national tragedy.  We just don't have the will or the consensus to fix this.  I am also a physician and I view this as a public health crisis! If we treated this as a public health threat then we would probably use much more reason and rationale into trying to solve this problem.  We need a paradigm shift now.  We need to say enough is enough!  Otherwise, all these lives lost were in vain.  ", "We should ban guns.  But until we do that, couldn't we at least require that gun owners buy gun insurance just as car owners buy car insurance?  And couldn't we tax bullets at a level commensurate with their economic cost to society?", "Calling this act \"pure evil\" is not enough. The phrase tends to release Trump from responsibility.", "The greatest mass carnage in modern U.S. history, and how will this affect gun control legislation?  Sadly, I predict not at all.  \"The Onion\" headlines put it best:\n\"'No Way to Prevent This,' says only nation where this regularly happens.\"\nThe Las Vegas massacre is but one of 273 mass shootings in the U.S. on this 275th day of 2017.\nApparently, the people of this nation lack the willpower and political clout to stand up to the NRA and do anything more than beat their chests.  ", "The demonizing of \u2018big govt\u2019 itself by the rw Gop is what\u2019s holding us back in sensible gun laws that every other modern country has. And also from the health care for all that these countries also have. The Democrats are also held back by their dependence on corporate money.\n\nObama 2016 speech: \u201cBut we are the only advanced country on Earth that sees this kind of mass violence erupt with this kind of frequency. It doesn't happen in other advanced countries. It\u2019s not even close. .... somehow we\u2019ve become numb to it and we start thinking that this is normal.\u201d\n\nAnd we see how the media can just repeat the scripts from the past massacres, plugging in the new places and body counts. \n\nObama said we have to organize against the gun lobby. That\u2019s a tall order. Other countries with gun safety don\u2019t have corporate gun lobbies sponsoring their candidates. And don\u2019t have big insurance/pharma donating millions to their candidates which prevents our access to affordable health care common in dozens of nations.  \n\nYet our news media never talks about big money molding our politics and directing party platforms. The media must break out, and start drawing the cause/effect line between how we finance elections, and our horrendous gun deaths, and millions still uninsured for medical care. ", "Mass murder by weapons capable of mass homicide and  mayhem. Climate change causing mass flooding and massive forest fires. Lead-laden drinking water. Anti-health care reform. Low wages and poor employment benefits. Proposed tax cuts for the wealthy. When will America realize? We are no longer a republic . . . We are ruled by a government of, by, and for the Special Interests!", "With condolences to the victims of this tragedy, this is the time to discuss gun control in this country. Give thought to this sobering fact (from Politifact):\n\n\"So many people die annually from gunfire in the US that the death toll between 1968 and 2011 eclipses all wars ever fought by the country... there were about 1.4 million firearm deaths in that period, compared with 1.2 million US deaths in every conflict from the War of Independence to Iraq.\"\n\nSo, is that really worth the price of owning a gun--To have 1.4 million people gunned down every 40 years? And that count is increasing every year while the NRA boasts about the rise in gun sales, and the gun lobby pours money into Washington. But with numbers like these it's time to ask ourselves is it worth risking civil war by revoking the 2nd amendment? Just by the numbers, lives would be saved, even in that horrible event. Let's hope, however, that we can discuss this peacefully, rationally and in a bipartisan way.  This is terrorism plain and simple. We need for it to stop.", "\"well-regulated militia\"?  More like: well, regulate?  \n\nAnd militia, we already have a militia, it's called the military (army, navy, air force, etc) and they have their act together.", "We aren't allowed to comment on the article about Donald Trump calling for unity in the wake of the massacre of the week so I'll post this here. The need for unity is why his constant work to divide us is so awful. Neither Donald Trump, nor any of his supporters can be allowed to have it both ways. He stokes hatred and division, period. His ridiculous attempts to claim otherwise are only another form of his chronic lying.", "In the immortal words of Bob Dylan, \"How many deaths will it take 'til he knows, that too many people have died?\"", "When the supermarket cashier tells me to have a nice day, I'll retort with \"Have an automatic-gunfire-free day.\"", "NRA. NRA. All the way. NRA.\nMore people died in Las Vegas that in all foreign terrorist attacks on US soil in the last 15 yars combined because an unhinged man bought too many guns and too much ammunition for no purpose other than to fulfill the NRA fantasy game of \" I have a weapon, I am strong.\"  How much did we spend preventing terrorism.  How much did the NRA spend lobbying and marketing?\nWHo is more dangerous in reality? ", "October 02, 2017, the 18th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi. Never expected to wake up to this horrible news of deaths and injuries in Las Vegas, Nevada, USA at the hands of one 64 year old man with multiple guns. Obviously, the NRA will say that guns don't kill, maniacs do and those opposed will say guns kill with ease and without blood physically on the hands of the killer. Where do we go from here. I am a peace promoting Gandhian and I do not have any use for guns, if only everyone bearing arms does so responsibly we would not have such mass killings at regular intervals. Anyway we have to have serious enforceable laws that will contribute to ending gun violence in the USA. ", "Might sound dumb but who says this guy shot anyone?\n\nHe's dead himself in a hotel room full of guns etc.\n\nNo reason for this whatsoever, 64 year olds don't do this sort of thing.\n\nI would not assume we know what happened other than a lot of people tragically shot.", "Has anybody read the comments by Caleb Keeter, guitarist for the Josh Daniels Band, who was performing? This is revealing.\n\nHe says that he has always been a support of the 2nd amendment, but he didn't realize how wrong he was until now. He goes on to say, \u201cWe need gun control RIGHT. NOW. My biggest regret is that I stubbornly didn\u2019t realize it until my brothers on the road and myself were threatened by it.\u201d\n\nThis is interesting. Unless I am reading this incorrectly, Keeter thinks that you either have the 2nd amendment, or you have gun control. You can't have both. \n\nThis shows just how well the NRA, right wingers and others have brainwashed gun owners. What people are looking for is a SAFE way to provide 2nd amendment rights, not to squash the 2nd amendment. Keeter has been a supporter of the 2nd amendment, but NOW he realizes we need gun control. He didn't realize until now that gun control and the 2nd amendment could peacefully co-exist. \n\nI am not looking to criticize his comments, they are sincere. However, it is interesting to read how he describes his feelings. The NRA has convinced everybody that reasonable and safe ownership of guns means taking guns away. They really have completely twisted, distorted and brainwashed the truth out of the argument. People really do believe that making guns safe means wiping out their rights to own firearms. \n\nI thought so previously, I guess I just never heard anybody actually say it. ", "This is like a gruesome contest to see who can perpetrate the deadliest mass shooting in US history.  Where is the threshold for our utterly shameful Congress to act and take these weapons out of the hands of citizens???  How many more have to die??", "Not long ago, Trump said \"making America safe is my number one priority.\"\nThis latest carnage makes it abundantly clear what America's number one safety issue is. So, Mr \"President\", time to put your policy where your mouth is.", "Just as sure as shootin', once word gets out about the specific arsenal and gimmicks used by the latest mass shooter, there will be a run on the newly 'popularized' weaponry. You know, for self defense...", "I hate to tell you, many people are saying Trump's offer of \"warmest condolences\" added insult to injury. Literally. SAD!", "WHERE and HOW did that 64 year old man get AUTOMATIC WEAPONS?! He had no military background!", "I'm glad President Trump has spoken out to say that he thinks the shooting was a bad thing and that he doesn't like evil.", "Dear President Trump:\nI didn't vote for you, and you have thus far shown me nothing that indicates I made the wrong voting choice. Here's a suggestion as to how you might make a positive contribution to all Americans, whether they voted for you or not. Take your words \"act of evil,\" an apt description of our nation's most recent firearms massacre Sunday in Las Vegas. Then go to Step 2: How do we make it more difficult for actors of firearms evil to get their hands on their preferred tools of massacre? As president, you enjoy the opportunity to make firearms massacre less convenient for the mass murderers who live among us. I wish you great success if you can lead our nation in this political drive against firearms massacres of your fellow Americans.", "While we grieve the souls of those who lost their lives and pray for the recovery of the injured, let us try to come together, if only for the moment.. Please, at least during a period of mourning and reflection, do not seize upon this unspeakable tragedy to cast blame upon each other, or to express political differences.\nOut of respect for  the families and loved ones of the victims, let us use our emotions to express our support and comfort  to them  and do what we can to help them endure the pain of this terrible loss.", "The brother spoke of texting with the shooter and asking about mother and if he had power before switching thought streaming. I would assume that was a slip referencing a power of attorney and that a personal family estate issue may have set off the shooter. The brother may have known this and was appearing too aloof. Certainly there were no weather issues affecting power between locations. My take is a severve family insult based on the unconnected word power.", "All rights involve limitations and trade offs. The NRA believes that the right to gun ownership is different in that it should have no limitations. \n\nBut, this particular right is getting too expensive in terms of lives lost, lives changed and lives overshadowed by fear. \n\nReasonable gun control in this country must start with repealing the 2nd Amendment.\n\nThen, without that terrible amendment to derail all discussion of reasonable limitations on gun ownership, the states and the federal government can pass laws that permit gun ownership for hunters and sportsmen but that outlaw assault weapons and other military weapons that should never be in the hands of ordinary citizens. \n\nRepeal the 2nd Amendment. ", "Until gun laws properly catch up with common sense, and all military-style rifles (and, ideally, ALL firearms) are banned in the TRUE spirit of the 2nd Amendment  conditioning gun ownership on being purposed for a \"well-regulated militia,\" a vital intermediate step must be to implant special chips in all firearms allowing their detection and monitoring by devices in hotels, arenas, parks, and public places at regular geographic intervals. \n\nMoreover, all guns must be rendendered inoperable by any other than the licensed owner, a step that could be accomplished with avaliable technology (perhaps an implanted chip in the owner's hand, etc.).\n\nFor that matter, some sort of tracking system prohibiting even movement of firearms except by the owner (again, relying on some kind of implanted chip) seems very feasible.\n\nBut first, and easily accomplished, would be making all weapons electronically detectable in all public and semi-public locations. \n\nFinally, it shouldn't be so hard to program drones, which could be pre-prepared and stationed in susceptible areas, to target and eliminate such gunmen when violence starts.", "This was NOT a terrorist attack. Hunting down and killing or containing terrorists will do nothing to prevent deadly shootings like the one that just took place in Las Vegas.\n\nBy labeling this an act of terrorism, we divert attention from what can and should done to prevent the dozens of deaths by shootings that take place every day in America.\n\nTerrorist campaigns can be brought to an end through political means. Think of The Troubles in Northern Ireland, for example. Terrorism is a tactic to get people to do or stop doing something.\n\nThis was an attack meant to kill, harm, and hurt people on a massive scale. It is terrifying but it is not terrorism.\n\nThe Las Vegas mass shooting was an act of rage, the result of a mental health crisis, or a cold, calculated attempt to inflict pain and death as an end itself, but it was not terrorism.\n\nHate or rage induced, or accidental, gun violence can only be reduced by:\n- addressing the causes of accidents (including access to weapons by the accident prone);\n- training people to safely store and use weapons;\n- restricting or eliminating the possession of the weapons most likely to do great harm when misused; and,\n- addressing the causes of hate and violent rage, including mental health crises, that lead people to attack and kill innocent people.\n\nWe need to address the problems of gun politics, gun lobbying, gun culture, and gun violence squarely and firmly. Terrorism deserves its own discussion but it should not distract from this one.", "The price we pay for failing to prevent gun violence is the death of our loved ones.  How much longer are we going to pay this price before we demand politicians treat gun violence for what it is: a public health emergency?", "Has anyone noticed the perpetrators of this crime are never women? What has happened to our men that they feel the need to do this?", "Insanity is doing the same thing and expecting a different outcome --we (altogether) are bordering on just such vicious insanity. A disturbed individual gains access to a cache of firearms, and decides to end it all in infamy with the deaths of as many innocent people as possible. We then collectively condemn the act as evil and express sorrow for the victims. Rinse, then repeat. It's long past time to act. You could've had a military presence at this concert and it would not have stopped this sickening act of evil violence. But if we again just express our remorse and sorrow, and fail to substantively act, then we are bordering on being co-equal conspirators, after-the-fact. ", "When I called Senator Mike Lee (R UT) just now, the aide told me that the sound of the gunfire suggested that the shooter had used an illegal weapon. I asked if this was her opinion or some fact that had not yet been reported.  She said she knew something about weapons.   I was so horrified by this spin that I had to call back, and got a similar response from a young man, one who said they didn't know for sure yet, though it seemed the weapons must have been illegal.\n\nThat was how they responded to my question about what the senator would do about gun control.  The answer:  Blame it on illegal weapons. \n\nI do not know how much money Lee has taken from the NRA.", "This is not \"an act of pure evil.\"\n\nThis is the result of a domestic armaments industry that is pure evil.  The epidemiology of gun violence is depressingly predictable.", "How could a lone guy went on to upper floors with 10 riffles and so much of ammunition. Where was building administration, CCTVs and guards? This is totally unbelievable. Not acceptable.", "I don't see how we can sustain this onslaught much longer. We're being assaulted from without and rotting from within. What a waste our freedoms have been. What a crying shame.\n\nI\u2019m sick of the misuse of digital (among other media) technology to warp our perceptions and sick of the misuse of mechanical technology to physically harm us. No civilian should have access to this sort of weaponry.\n\nDon Quixote said guns put a common knave on the same level as a knight, but without the gallantry, allegiance, intelligence, and expertise of a knight. Cervantes published Don Quixote in 1615.", "Press Sec'y Sahra Sanders when asked if gun suppresses - silencers - would have made the number of victims be larger, responded she didn't think it would.\nI ask that your readers contact their Congress members, tell them not to pass the NRA prompted gun suppression bill.", "Las Vegas Paris is crying with you. These scenes remind us the bataclan attack . We must stand united against violence . Thoughts to the victims and their families .", "Every so often today I have an intrusive thought that these country music concert goers are stereotypically more likely to support gun culture and Trump. \n\nAnd I have a flicker of schadenfreude. \n\nI don't like this about myself. I make those thoughts go away. But I wonder, is that what it feels like to be a Trump supporter, a Brietbart reader, a Fox News viewer? So full of hatred and indifference toward others? Part of me wants to give in to my rage too. But I fight it, because if I don't, if everyone gives in, we truly are just a bunch of animals. ", "Spare me the prayers, the flowers and the teddy bears, please. Let's have effective gun control like the rest of the civilized world. This only happens in this country, nowhere else in the world. Enough with the fake 2nd Amendment that leaves out the part of the 'well-regulated militia'. And only in conjunction with that 'well regulated militia' is there a right to own guns. If we can't apply that amendment the way it was supposed to be, then let's repeal it. It's a poison on this country. ", "I don't care who he is.  I want to know why he was allowed to buy all the guns he had so easily and how he got them into a Las Vegas hotel.  I don't really give a flip about his motives.  Everyone has got a motive.  We need to stop handing out guns like Halloween candy.  Stop kowtowing to the NRA already and enact common sense gun reform, and, for the love of all our loved ones, stop allowing people to buy these weapons of war and hoard them.  ", "October 02, 2017, the 148th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi. Never expected to wake up to this horrible news of deaths and injuries in Las Vegas, Nevada, USA at the hands of one 64 year old man with multiple guns. Obviously, the NRA will say that guns don't kill, maniacs do and those opposed will say guns kill with ease and without blood physically on the hands of the killer. Where do we go from here. I am a peace promoting Gandhian and I do not have any use for guns, if only everyone bearing arms does so responsibly we would not have such mass killings at regular intervals. Anyway we have to have serious enforceable laws that will contribute to ending gun violence in the USA. ", "When our country made no changes to gun laws after Sandy Hook - the killing of innocent children - I lost hope.\n\nWhat will it finally take to get guns off our streets?", "So so Trump's going to Las Vegas Wednesday to demonstrate the seriousness of this tragedy. How much do you want to bet that this trip will mean that he can't make it to Puerto Rico? ", "This is sad that somebody in our country would actually ruin such a joyful event on purpose. I hate that anybody would even think of doing this. This is just crazy. I think people need to learn to get along. This shouldn't be happening now especially at a event like this. I am just shocked and can't believe that somebody would want to do it on purpose. I just don't get why somebody or people would want to even kill other people on purpose. It is crazy.\n-By Jessica Mendoza", "Welcome to America.\n\nFor suicide screening, the 2nd question is: Do you have the means? And if the person answers yes, we take action.  Yet with each mass shooting, we express surprise: How could this happen here?  And we take no action.\n\nDoesn't matter whether it's elementary school children & teachers, a bible-study group in a church, people dancing in a club, or concert-goers, American so-called leaders and citizens repeatedly express surprise that people USE the means\u2014automatic assault weapons\u2014they have to commit mass shootings. \n\nOur gutless Congress fears the NRA but not shootings, because gun-toting citizens aren't allowed in Congress or the White House. Only secret service have weapons. All the sympathy from members who've voted against background checks or private ownership of assault weapons is saccharine pretension and nothing real. Actions speak louder than words.", "The 2nd is pointless, with a checkered history. The propaganda about \"fighting fascism\" is nonsense, and the constant drumbeat of fear is poisonous. No other country in the world, when faced with many shootings, says the answer is \"more guns.\" Let's buy them back, melt them down, un-cool them (we did it with cigarettes) and get the machinists other jobs. You wanna hunt? Fine. Semiautomatics? Nope. Big magazines? Nope. Walking around with a gun in your purse? Nope. Wearing pistols 24-7 because you just know you're going to be the hero? Nope. To blazes with the 2nd.", "Republicans: \"Now is not the time for politics\".  Imagine if we said the same after a plane crash - \"now is not the time for an investigation \".\nWhen IS the right time?", "There will be no change. If nothing happened after Sandy Hook, nothing ever will. \n\nOur leaders prove everyday they do not care about us. Republicans will stoke the egos and hatred of their supporters but they care nothing for anyone. Democrats don't care to improve their appalling messaging and bench.\n\nAll I hope for at this point is for the government to continue this destructive indifference and not actively harm me in a complete descent into fascism. ", "This horror shows how our democracy is warped. Americans are told that guns for all everywhere is their right under the Constitution and anything that infringes on that is big tyrannical govt interference in our \u2018freedoms.\u2019\n\nMeanwhile the NRA and gun mfg are profiting as the body count keeps rising with ongoing public massacres. And our elected lawmakers reap more money from their gun lobby donors to protect their careers.  So our  moneyed elite is profiting by propagandizing and twisting the words of our own founding ideals.  \n\nThen they pretend that in countries with strict gun laws, where their citizens are more likely to avoid being shot to death, their govts are interfering with citizens' rights. And they don\u2019t even realize how their freedoms are compromised. \n\nThe US is a warning to the world of a perverted democracy.", "Seems like it was just last year we had a \"worst mass shooting in US history.\"", "Obviously the solution is more guns.  The bad guy reportedly had 10 or 11 guns.  If each of the \"good guys\" had 12 guns, problem solved. ", "Sadly, 2016 & 2017 have has the most numbers of mass shootings since 1929.*\nWhat's even more sad is that the killings are not going to stop because of the easy access to guns in the USA. Of course, some people will say that \"people don't kill people, guns do\"!\n\n*Reference:\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Mass_shootings_in_the_United_Stat...", "To get down to the policy debate happening in the comments:\n\nIt's not terrorism unless connected to a larger political purpose.  It's just murder.\n\nNor is it so simple to blame lax gun control if the gun itself was illegal (as it would be if fully automatic).  How do you plan to make these sorts of guns \"more\" illegal?  You have to probably end the drug trade and all international wars before automatic weapons go away forever.\n\nAnd finally in contrast to Islamist terrorism, it's hard to say what policy steps could be taken to stop these random acts of violence short of government confiscations of all guns.  As much as it might totally discriminatory and overbroad, a \"Muslim ban\" or \"extreme vetting\" is both politically possible and feasible to implement at the border. \n\nBut how exactly are we going to do about the random insane person with a gun holed up in a hotel room bent on murder-suicide (short of an absolute personal gun ban of course)?   I agree there are mitigating policies like maybe size of ammunition clips or maybe a gun limit or something that could reduce the number of fatalities, but we are not going to be able to legislate invulnerability from psychopath killers.", "The shooter would have been able to pass background checks and obtain these weapons legally, if initial reports are accurate. So even stringent background check laws will not prevent these atrocities. These weapons must be banned and confiscated. This is a public safety issue. This is a human rights issue.\n\nWe are not the civilized nation we think we are, nor have we been for a long time. We're becoming a pariah among nations, a joke, a twisted mockery of a free democracy. ", "I am not against guns. I am against their misuse. Why can't my government create and enforce a system of laws that allows normal sane lawful humans like myself to own my guns in an accountable and responsible manner; but also keeps guns out of the hands of the deranged in my society? My despairing thought is that no number will change anything. I don't even think a shooting of Congress in session would change anything. When I saw that the murder of all those little 1st graders didn't change anything I knew nothing ever would. It's a numbers game. You just can't know if it will be you next and you can't predict where or when. How tragically unnecessary to live this way.", "This song keeps going through my head:\n\"How many deaths will it take 'til we know that too many people have died?\"\n                                                                   -Bob Dylan: \"Blowin' in the Wind\"\n\nWe are long overdue for serious gun control laws to address this true \"American carnage.\"  Unfortunately, we have a president who won't do the right thing because it will hurt him with his base.  I wonder what the families of the dead and wounded think should happen.", "Does no one think it strange that a retired, 64 year-old man who, according to his brother, was not \"an avid gun guy,\" who had no significant criminal history, mental illness, military or gun training and yet was able to kill or wound over 500 people in a short period of time? Additionally, how is it that the shooter always manages to die -- by suicide or the police -- and, therefore, no information is available from him? Sorry, but some pieces of this puzzle (and other) are always missing.", "This incident is a result of NRA  and its supporters, and our Senators and Congressmen. I know you did not do it,  or wish it, but our inability to control massive gun carrying and ownership is to blame. This was not some one of Trump's supposed \"dangerous immigrants\", this was one of our own,  as all others that have done these things in the US  have been.  We have elected recently an incompetent president, and Congresses that  play at control for their own sakes, not for the sake of their States or the country. Congress and Mr.  Trump,  I  would love you to wake up and provide true leadership!   ", "I am slightly scared right now. I hope my dad is okay because he works at McCarren and I think he was working that day. He might have been instructed to land in a different state but me and my sister can't contact him currently.", "How is it possible that individuals in this country have access to weapons and stores of ammunition so extraordinarily powerful that one almost elderly person could kill and wound hundreds of people at ranges at least hundreds of feet away in a matter of several minutes?", "So if people want to use high-capacity weapons, let's control those weapons. You get a special license/ pass, you go to a gun range that is highly secure, you have your fun with a rented weapon, and you go home. We keep hearing the argument that people should also be able to own these weapons for self-defense, but as far as I can tell, they're being used primarily to kill innocents.", "I can honestly say that events like this is no longer shocking,  they have become expected.  It is not a matter of if they will occur but when they will occur, where, and how many are killed.  What is alarming how more frequently they occur, as the rate is now a mass killing every year or two.  As William Bratton said in a television interview, this is the new normal.  With the executive and legislative branches of the federal government controlled by the right, and the NRA's and large campaign contributors keeping tight control over both wings of that legislative branch, it may be time to accept that this is the new normal and learn to live with it.  ", "My father and I were guessing how bad things would get before rational gun regulation resulted. I estimated one front page mass killing a week. He thought it couldn't bad enough to overcome irrational \"gun culture\". I guess we shall see. If we live, that is. ", "What will be done to prevent this from happening again or equally important, why was this person allowed to be equipped with such weapons?  We have come to a point where there are no words. No words b/c all really knows why.   Hopefully, there will be action, and politics, insanity, and ideology will be put aside, and both sides will simply do what is right and long over due.  If they or America needs a guide on how other advance countries really regulate fire arms, or even allow them, just do the research. ", "I'm a die hard Democrat but I would implore upon my fellow Democrats to refrain from calling for gun control at this time of tragedy.  Doing so only feeds the rabid anti gun control lobby to rally against the \"liberal\" establishment.  Now that we have a Republican in the White House and Republican controlled legislative branch, let's see how they deal with sad event.  Trying to get common sense gun laws on the books require dedicated planning and execution, starting with local, city and state referendums.  ", "Repeal the Second Amendment? \n\nThat isn't going to happen, and so any \"solution\" to this terrible problem that advocates that is irresponsible. Sounds good, probably makes the proposer feel good, but irresponsible because it depends on something that has no chance whatsoever of happening.", "NOTHING WILL CHANGE till thousands are killed, and perhaps not even then. Any sane society would ban semi-automatic and automatic assault weapons and gigantic magazines, at the very least, since those are used exclusively to turn one's victims into hamburger. But the NRA has our nation in a stranglehold. Even our Supreme Court - to have interpreted the 2nd Amendment as they did in Heller was a slap in the face of the very originalism they claimed to uphold; they discounted the 'well-regulated militia' conditioning our right to bear arms. Till that changes, nothing will change. ", "Wouldn't it have been a better use of the President's time last week to concentrate on REAL issues, like gun control, rather than spending his time tweeting about football players?", "I hear that shares of Weapons Manufacturing Companies are on the rise.\n\nSorry to say, but this says a lot to me about where the US society is ill.", "It's time to start making cities and states financially responsible for the health care, lost wages, and trauma costs incurred from shootings. ", "Why wasn't a \"take-cover\" announcement broadcasted from the stage, or from the control room? The stage staff understood the situation, but those in the crowd did not. Maybe such an announcement should be mandatorily prepared in advance.", "This was domestic terrorism. What was the shooter attempting to do, besides kill as many people as possible from the 32nd floor of Mandalay Bay? He meant to strike fear in their hearts. This is terrorism, plain and simple.\n\nI am heartbroken for the dead and wounded in this tragedy. ", "At the time the 2nd Amendment was enacted all arms were single shot.\n\nPrivate ownership of arms should be limited to single shot weapons.", "'Yea, thou I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil...'\nNot any more.  So long as politicians accede to the will of the NRA and their lobbyists for their own profit and ego - we should fear evil.  Our leaders have forsaken us, once again.\nNothing will change.  The murder of the innocents and innocence will continue until politicians of all stripes understand we should be a nation of a vision that is greater than only the rights of the individual.", "Now, who were those in Congress who were against gun control? This is their fault.", "Remember: Devices specifically designed with no other function than to deliver a projectile with lethal forge to multiple targets in a short period of time, don't kill. People who use them for their intended purpose, kill.", "There is no legitimate reason any civilian individual needs to be able to fire that many shots in that short period of time.  ", "I will concede everyone's right to join a well organized militia and to own a musket, but the 21st century interpretation of the 2nd amendment is beyond insane. ", "Twenty children would now be 11 or 12 years old if they were not gunned down mercilessly at Sandy Hook Elementary School almost five years ago as first graders.\nFirst graders.\nFirst graders.\nFirst graders.\nThis December 14, five years will have passed since Sandy Hook.\nAnd yet, here we are again - scores of mostly young, innocent victims with full lives ahead of them now dead for no reason.\nIt is obscene that military-grade weapons are available so freely when we have witnessed these massacres repeatedly.\nIf the slaughter of first graders did not change our laws, nothing will.", "Yet another unconscionable, horrifying, senseless, act of mass killing by an American with a stash of guns .  Like others, I had thought that after Sandy Hook and the murder of children, there would be a wave of conscience and common sense in Congress, but it was just another pause... and the gun lobby money kept pouring in.  Perhaps someone, somewhere, might start a movement to sue every member of Congress who votes for the sick, twisted agenda of the NRA and gun manufacturers every time these weapons slaughter the innocent citizens just going about their daily lives... and let us not forget the emotional trauma that will be with the survivors for the rest of their days.", "What is it going to take to get tighter gun control in this country?  I have a young child and am fearful for his life.  Enough. ", "This is such a tragedy. I just don't understand why anyone  would want to do that. It just doesn't make sense to me. This guy must have gone insane or something.  Even his own brother doesn't understand why he would do that. This is just unbelievable.", "While I'm horrified and depressed about this latest mass shooting on our shores, I'm even more despondent that nothing will be done to fix the cause:  guns (and therefore shooters of innocent people) will continue to inundate our society.  Another day, another mass shooting.  Carry on, Congress, with your \"thoughts and prayers,\" as you vote to loosen the laws on silencers (and keep on lining your pockets, soaked in the blood of victims, with gun lobby money)  Shameful.  ", "My daughter will soon be looking to do a post grad somewhere, and one obvious (and high quality choice) would be a U.S. university. Make that \"would have been\" a U.S. university because I am not paying one red cent in tuition to have her go and study in such a gun-crazy land.", "I have spent several hours reading and rereading the Second Amendment of our Bill of Rights, coming back to it as I go about the day.  It is brief and open to interpretation, but the framers of our Constitution could not have envisioned the frightening fire power contained in just one gun shop or the rise and undue influence of the NRA and the gun industry, nor could they have intended that \"...the right of the people to keep and bear Arms..\" should become the shield of mass murderers.  This cannot be true.  It must not be true.\n\nSince 2007: the campus at Virginia Tech, an army fort in Killeen (twice), a shopping center in Tucson, a theater in Aurora, a temple in Oak Creek, an elementary school in Newtown, a church in Charleston, a community center in Roseburg, a nightclub in Orlando, and, now, a concert in Las Vegas.  No place is safe and no one is safe either.\n\nMoments of Silence are no longer an option to the threat of semi-automatic weapons... Congress... Act!", "Although I've been accused of violating people's 2nd amendment rights with this idea, I still hold that all gun owners should be required to join the National Guard.\n\nThen the National Guard can be responsible for screening for mental illness among its members.  ", "This is a horrible turn of events. What motive could have driven him to this? Hopefully this sort of thing will never happen again. This is one of the worst things a human being can do and I sincerely hope that no one ever does something this brutal ever again.\n-Tristan Stanley", "To the extent that interpretation of the Second Amendment inhibits sensible control over the sale, possession, and use of firearms, that amendment's purpose needs to be reexamined.\n\nThe words of the amendment say nothing at all about personal gunplay.  Rather, they tell us that a well-regulated militia is necessary to the security of a free state and that the right of the people to keep and bear arms to meet that need must not be infringed.  \n\nIn the era of the Founders, it was generally believed that the proper defense of a free state was a well-regulated militia,   governed by what George Washington called \"a well regulated Militia Law.\"  A standing army -- that is, one that continued on duty during times of peace -- was regarded as excessively expensive, a danger to liberty, and a likely instrument of usurpation.  The Second Amendment was written to diminish the need for such an army and to rely on militia instead.\n\nAt the time the Second Amendment was written, most men who were capable of bearing arms were REQUIRED to keep and bear arms under their state militia laws.  There was no need at all for an amendment to the U.S. Constitution to guard an individual's \"right\" to obey his own state militia law.", "I see Repeal the Safe Act signs on the homes of many neighbors here in Central NY State.  I don't know any of these people personally, but if I did I'd ask them how reasonable gun control has harmed their interests, which I believe are primarily hunting.  I doubt they have a sensible answer except to recite whatever NRA line is in vogue at the moment.  But no slogan, NRA inspired or not, justifies the owning of automatic weapons, and every gun owner who rejects gun control is responsible for the carnage in Las Vegas.", "I think that this incident is tough for a lot of people because, for only one person to go and shoot up a concert by himself and do this much damage is really disturbing in many ways ranging from the weapons he used to why he did this. I also wonder exactly who or what his target was. Lastly, I want to know how he got all the up to that building with the weapon.\n\nRiley Hall", "Paddock sounds like another \" good guy with a gun \" from what I've been reading about him . His neighbors and family can't understand why this seemingly \" good guy with a gun \" could do something so heinous ! ", "It's time for victims of this senseless gun violence and their families to sue the NRA and any government officials who are beholden to the NRA. There is no need for military-style weapons in a civilized society. \n\nThe Republican-controlled congress didn't even enact any common sense gun legislation after the shooting of some of its members while practicing for a softball game. What are they waiting for? ", "Actually Sydney. I am shocked that an American man would do such a terrorist act. We Americans are supposed to be strong. Not bring each other to death.", "No matter how many times this happens some Americans will never learn. They are convinced that at some point in the future, the government (or some tyrant or some invader) will try to use force to suppress them...and they are foolishly expecting a fair fight if/when that happens. If this fantastical scenario where to ever become a reality, do they not understand that even if they have a basement full of AR-15\u2019s, their cache is of little consequence against a tank, a drone strike or a missile? It\u2019s just ludicrous.", "My deepest condolences to anyone affected by this tragedy. My thoughts go out to the victims and their families. There just are no words.", "The terrorist in this case is the NRA. Their powerful presence in Washington is why insanely lenient gun laws exist. Donald Trump says he wants to drain the swamp?  Start with flexing some political muscle and place greater restrictions on who can gain access to these weapons!", "This event is horrible. Why would someone do something like this? What sick motive could he have? Unfortunately, nobody could've prevented this.", "Glad Mr. and Mrs. Trump are praying, but that won't prevent future gun deaths or similar mass shootings.  It is time for you to actually do something, Mr. President.  You and your party are rich enough.  You don't need NRA money.  Start the process today toward reasonable and rational gun control.  Every day you delay results in more of this \"evil.\"  \n\nYou were left a mess.  Clean it up now.", "Just curious: why is Paddocks referred to as a gunman and not a terrorist? Surely you don't think he committed the act to inspire kindness?", "Hopefully the Mayor of Las Vegas will not feel the wrath of POTUS for this unimaginable tragedy. Will we ever see REAL LEADERSHIP in Washington taking on the NRA and getting the proliferation and all too easy access to handguns and military designed rifles under control?", "More deaths with one man and one assault rifle than at least two of the recent hurricanes combined. \n\n#guncontrolnow", "Hey Washington! You take the NRA\u2019s $$s, your hands are as dirty as those who pull the triggers. Hide behind the second amendment if you wish, but your belts will never be able to hold up your pants with fat pockets full of dead bodies and cash. ", "This is a weird one.  It fits none of the usual profiles. No likely links to international terrorist organizations.  Not a teen or in his 20's.  No criminal record; so far no known history of mental illness (though that could change).  No  indication (so far) of recent major trauma or indication that he was planning such a thing.  Of all the mass shooting incidents I can recall, this one is the one that is most mysterious as to why.  Why did he do it?\n\nMy heart and prayers go out to the victims and their families.", "To add to all the shock, anger, and sadness, is now the example of how to kill on a mass level.\n\nA true example of \"very sad\".\n\nHeart felt thoughts for our country.", "Standard response from Congressional Republicans to the 273rd U.S. mass shooting in the first 275 days of 2017: \"Now is not the time for politics\".\n\nAmount of times in 2017 that Congressional Republicans have introduced and passed reasonable gun control legislation: Zero.", "This carnage must stop: Sandy Hook, Orlando, San Bernardino, now Las Vegas.  Sadly that is only a few of the gun massacres that have occured in our country, in less than a decade, under the guise of the right to carry arms/2nd Amendment.  Some people are saying to wait to discuss the \"legal\" matter of guns, so we can give prayers and thought to the victims, survivors and their families, but when is the right time?  I truly thought that after the massacre of innocent children, that our gun legislation would change, but sadly the death of children did not change any of our country's gun legislation, actually it made gun purchasing and use easier for many, including the mentally ill.\nUnless we start by changing the laws of how money is given/donated to our elected officials, big money donors like NRA or the top 2% will continue to be able to dictate laws and policies by many of OUR elected officials in Congress.  Money seems to be the driving force in Congress not elections. We the People, must come together and take back our country from big money donors, if this doesn't change, sadly, we can expect more massacres of innocent people by gun violence.", "I just watched the interview with the shooter's brother.  Its terrifying.   The shooter appears to have been completely \"normal\" !   He sends his mother cookies, asks his brother how she is doing.   The guy has a good job, good pay, goes on cruises, and likes to play poker.\n\nHow on earth can you protect yourself from shootings like this ?\n\nThe only way is to get rid of the guns.   This man did not belong to a \"well regulated militia\".", "This has become increasingly bizarre!\nThis isn't the America I've come to know for the last two decades.\nYes, it's an imperfect world and they have been tragedies over the years, but not as rampant as this year.\nEverything about this 'place' is different and not positively.\nAnd you cannot ignore to bring this up, but this Admin's \"leadership\" hasn't helped.I am not placing blame BUT the inciting of violence,division and justification of hate hasn't helped.\n\nWishing comfort, peace and healing to the entire LV community!", "This is our collective fault. This is the society in which we have decided we wish to live. It's that simple. ", "These atrocities will continue until the United States Government repeals the Second Amendment and starts shutting down the gun stores across this land.\n\nThe one emotion that is lacking in all the responses to this most recent shooting is outrage. The kind of outrage that forced the U.K. government's hand and made it almost impossible to buy handguns in Great Britain after the Dunblane massacre of 1996 when sixteen children were shot to death by a suicidal gunman.", "Control guns or guns will control us.\n\nWe need lawmakers with the bravery of first responders.\n\nYou are right Mr. Trump, this was pure evil.   What are going to do when faced with pure evil?  Be brave and face the NRA or cower?\n\n(As context, I am a white man, 61 years old, Army veteran of Desert Storm.  Stand up to evil.)", "And if all the people at the concert festival had been \"carrying\" for self-protection it would have changed the outcome how?", "This is just horrible. It is an out rage. I don't know what would push someone to do something like this. ", "Will the Dems muster the courage to move with a bill to end the 2nd amendment rather than posture and exploit every gun tragedy?  I would like to see how many Dem Congressmen/women will have the courage to 'stand up to NRA'.", "Just another American citizen exercising his sacred 2nd amendment rights.", "RGR up over 5 percent and NRA legislative slaves are counting their increasing contributions. But no talking about gun control, that would be inconsiderate or perhaps politically incorrect.", "I live near Sandy Hook, and yet again, we have a morbid replay of first responders praising, and patting on the back of other first responders - it's become the Mutual Adoration Society of FR's.  Of course we thank them - but they are doing their job!!  Who is not doing their jobs ?  Our Congress.  Enough! \n\nSadly lost in the headlines of \"Massacre\", \"Bullets Raining Down\" , \"Mass Shootings\" are the victims and their families.  Sure, we'll get a patch of photos and snippets on their lives from Anderson Cooper but 99% of press will be on the shooter and why he did it - with fancy graphs, maps, trajectory experts, and law enforcement all weighing in on the public (and the media) who swallow this up like sharks on a fish ball frenzy.   In a week or two, this will all go away - back to business as usual for CONGRESS.\n\nI saw one photo of a dead young woman - innocent of course.  My heart cries for her family.  All I could think about was my 15 year old daughter - and that dead young woman.  That is MY CHILD - AND \"OUR CHILDREN\" CONGRESS!  Immediately pass gun control legislation and stop \"This American Carnage\"\n\nDisgusting that DJT will visit the FR's and the families of victims?  A group thank you and photo opp with the FR's is enough.  Sit with families who lost loved ones for an entire day and night - or a few days - and experience their grief and outrage.  Will you then \"Stop it\" ?\n\nA deranged white male, accepted behavior in the US.  If it was a Muslim - the nukes would rain.", "Someone suggested that if the concert goers had been armed with automatic weapons they could have stopped some of the bloodshed.  Yeah, right , how moronic.  And where would they aim -- hello, the shooter was on the 32nd floor of a hotel.\nI also wonder if the shooter had been a Muslim what we would have heard he from this President.  This is terrorism that needs to be laid at the feet of the NRA and the whole gun culture-  Let Trump rail against them in the way he would were it a Muslim.  It will never happen.  No, he thinks only his Muslim ban will keep us safe.", "Using guns to kill people in our country continues to be a crime. Killing one person is a crime. When will the Congress learn? Never. We are living in a state of fear and terror. Repeal the Second Amendment. Take away these lethal weapons. \n\n\"A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.\"\n\nWas this individual a member of a well regulated militia? Is any gun-toting killer a member of a well regulated militia? No.\n\nWhy would we need the right to bear arms to ensure the security of a free state when we have a police department and a military to do that?\n\nWhat this event most likely do is persuade people to buy ever more guns. And the NRA will be happy.", "I no longer know how to cope with the feeling of sadness and shock that accompany every report of these insane events.\n\nOur country never learns. We pretend reality isn't real, we carry on as horrific violence keeps happening.\n\nHow are we to have any confidence in our future?", "Serves them right for voting for Trump and unlimited guns.\n\nLoss of life always tragic. We can sympathize with families loss. But we cannot sympathize with families who continue to support unlimited gun access.", "Guns, long ago, reached a critical mass like a pandemic disease in this country, and lawmakers should have taken an epidemiological many years ago, let alone after Sandy Hook. \n\nThe NRA and the rest of the gun lobby needs to take ten giant steps back away from our sycophantic congress, and them get their minds and hearts around what's happening. Otherwise, the responsibility for these tragic outcomes rests heavily on both.", "A sane person does not open fire on innocent unarmed people. Whoever this person is or was, he had access to what sounds like a rapid fire weapon, he was concealed from anyone below being able to get to him, and whoever sold him weapons should be make an accessory after the fact. It is horrifying to see people who where like sitting ducks in an arcade being picked off. Once again, we are witness to the right to own a gun crowd and their fevered pitch to ensure at all cost the right to buy and sell guns. Unless the government chooses to act these acts of violence will continue. Will need to wait and see if anyone is able to determine as to the reasons  for the why?", "A top lawyer for CBS said she is \u201cnot even sympathetic\u201d to victims of the Las Vegas shooting because \u201ccountry music fans often are Republican,\u201d when discussing the tragic mass shooting that occurred in Las Vegas late Sunday night. \n\nWow.  It isn't the guns, it is the hate behind the gun or knife or van.", "Welcome to America.  As far as I see it, in a country gets what it asks for.  We do nothing to limit gun distribution and we have ongoing, non-stop public discord as our main form of entertainment. We have tons and tons of downtrodden people.  There is a tendency towards being angry.\nAs these factors combine to make shootings inevitable, with some relatively predictable frequency. There will always be a crazy person, a terrorist, or an angry racist who will take advantage of the easy gun access. There will always be these stories---unless we change. \n\nWith the way guns are handed out, mass shootings are no different than earthquakes and hurricanes.  They are a risk that our society is more than willing to take as we go about our lives.  They are treated like collateral damage so the right can own guns. \n\nAnd it is pointless to argue what shooting is terrorism and what is not.  It misses the point.  They are all crazies with guns.\n\nSo, this is all essentially built into our laws.  The \"don't mention a gun\" speech by Trump this morning amounted to \"let us pray\", as in we can't do anything about it.  Of course, to many of us, unlike hurricanes and earthquakes, we can change gun laws and need to.  But, please see that this god fearing speech is just what you do when you don't have a spine to change the laws. ", "How on earth did Paddock get past the security check of the hotel/casino?  I cannot move past the security check at the Ballet without a thorough \"check\" of my belongings.   \n\nPaddock had to have had help.   ", "Before labeling this anything, imaging and examining this man's brain is critical.   The Texas Tower Shooter suffered from a glioblastoma impinging on the behavior.  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/03/27/mind-murderer_n_1384102.html\nConclusions should help in abeyance and the media should be asking if an autopsy is in order.  \n\nMr. Patten had no police record nor belonged to any organization that is violent.  His brother states he was not a \"gun man\", and did not follow any strong political ideology.  Let's look before we leap.", "What to do when society is collapsing? Late in the hour, few choices remain. Is lesser of two evils required to save us from us? Is the final decision between chaos, mayhem, anarchy or imposition of a necessary police state to mitigate the madness..", "I am afraid no one will really do anything about gun violence... not in this administration and not in any Republican held Congress.  Hubris will be the end of us even after Pulse, Sandy Hook, Virginia Tech and now  Las Vegas. The freedom to walk around with an automatic weapon trumps the right to live free from mass shootings. ", "The NRA bears as much responsibility as the shooter in this, and all recent mass-casualty shootings, if not more. \n\nThe perpetrators may have the excuse of being mentally ill; the NRA does not. The NRA is accountable willingly, consciously, purposefully. They know the consequences of their actions, they understand the damage they do, and yet they continue to do it.\n\nThe NRA must be held to face a day of reckoning, and that day must come soon.", "Go GOP...literally, go.\n\nFrom the Washington Post (forgive me NYT, my home base):\n\n\"Last month, a House committee advanced a bill, the Sportsmen\u2019s Heritage and Recreational Enhancement Act, that would make it easier to buy firearm silencers \u2014 which are treated akin to machine guns and explosives by federal authorities. Advocates of the measure, including the National Rifle Association, have cast it as a safety enhancement.\n\nThe legislation also includes provisions that would loosen restrictions on transporting firearms across state lines and prevent certain types of ammunition from being designated as \u201carmor-piercing\u201d and thus subject to tight federal oversight.\n\nOpponents of the measure say that the silencer provision, in particular, could make it harder to identify a shooter during an incident such as the one in Las Vegas.\"", "I am genuinely curious how long it will take for Donald Trump to send out one of his all to predictable tantrum tweets blaming the Las Vegas victims for what befell them.\n\nI'm guessing three days max.", "What is a demented person doing in a hotel room with an arsenal of ten guns? Shooting a machine gun down at a crowd of innocent concert goers? Today the Republican led Congress started pushing a bill to ease the regulations on purchasing silencers for guns. Great timing. Actually, why even pretend at this point. Let's let the Republicans get all they want: a bazooka and a machine gun in every home. This is the Republican dystopian reality, hyper income inequality, and machine guns for the mentally deranged, and please don't forget the silencer.", "Again, we know his name before we know the names of any of the victims. I wish we would only use their initials, or a pseudonym, to identify them. Publishing his name insured that this murderer will be remembered longer than anyone who died because of his actions. In the end, that is what these shooters want most-notoriety and immortality. And, every time, they get it. Ban guns if you want; but, the only way to stop this is to deny what they all want: attention. ", "Law enforcement is using guns to kill people on the street.\nCriminals are shooting each other - and the rest of us.\n\"Active shooters\" are now our home-grown terrorists. \n\nIs this what the Second Amendment means?", "Listen to the rapid gun fire on the video, that should only be heard on a battlefield!  Why are such weapons available; oh yea, 2nd Amendment written in the 1700's by people who had muskets.  Sad!", "I'm not familiar with rifles or the transport of but would'nt bringing 10+ rifles into a hotel raise some flags ?", "So sad.  Such a pathetic statement about our nation, and about the health of our society. And meanwhile, just by happenstance, there's a prominent story in today's Wall Street Journal (with photos and everything) about how a \"shooting\" video game (called: \"PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds\") is white hot in the lucrative genre of video games where users shoot other people.\n\n\"The hottest video game name right now..... has raked in hundreds of millions of dollars in sales\" , the WSJ lede says.\n\nNot saying this 64 year-old-accountant-turned-mass-murderer played this game or others like it...\n\nBut when our society says it's okay for millions of children to spend countless hours playing highly graphic/highly realistic games about mass-murder..... mixed with all of the other violence that gets glorified in our society and movies, etc..... just a matter of simple statistics that some of those people will grow into the next lunatic mass murderer to make us all cry again.\n\nLet's STOP incubating violence at every turn !", "Perhaps we should just leave the flag at half mast permanently.", "It's not so much that the shooting is despicable as it is that it could happen so easily and brazenly.\n\nJust sayin'....", "Why are the words \u201cguns\u201d and \u201cwar\u201d used so much more frequently in our culture and by our leaders than \u201cpeace\u201d and \u201csolutions\u201d?", "I feel sick!  My heart, thoughts and prays go out to the victims  and their families.  I can't even image the pain they must be feeling.  \n\nTrump:  these are your NRA friends.  WHERE IS OUR GUN CONTROL! ", "\"Yes, 'n' how many times must the cannon balls fly\nBefore they're forever banned\nThe answer, my friend, is blowin' in the wind\nThe answer is blowin' in the wind\"", "Someone, please, tell me why we need high capacity magazines and they're legal (and suppressors)? ", "What are we to think if our government will do nothing in response to yet another mass shooting?", "\u201cWe pray for the day when evil is banished, and the innocent are safe from hatred and from fear,\u201d Mr. Trump said, speaking from a teleprompter.\n\nMore than you know. More than you know.", "Why isn't the NRA listed as a terrorist organization? I feel terrorized in knowing that the NRA empowers ordinary people to walk the streets carrying lethal weapons. ", "I wonder, who pays for ALL lost life and injured? Not the gun makers. Lets make laws that all gun owners HAVE to buy gun insurance if they want to keep their guns. I think that is FAIR to the rest of us.", "Every time this happens, I try to imagine the feelings of those people subject to these random events--the transition from going about their mundane daily lives, shopping at a mall, eating at a fast-food restaurant, gathering at a church or on a college campus, or attending a concert without a care in the world, to the sound of gunfire erupting and people nearby screaming, dropping and bleeding--and it horrifies me. \n\nIt seems there is no security whatsoever in the US; the threats come from within and without. And the paranoia, possibly justified, just feeds the beast.\n\nWill there ever be serious efforts to change the mentality that guns make you safer? It is possible, I believe.  Is it likely? I fear not.", "Congress has made a decision for the rest of us, a  decision that was made decades and decades ago. Congress is completely to blame for these deaths and all the others that occur because of the availability of guns in this nation. \n\nLong ago and continuing right up to today, Congress has decided for us that guns  will be legal.  They have decided that events like this current tragedy are a very acceptable price to be paid for the freedom of our citizens to own guns. By their inaction, even in the face of tragedies like this one and Sandy Hook,  they have decided that it is more important for hunters to be able to blow away innocent wildlife than it is to stop this kind of human carnage.", "When Democrats admit that gun control is only a small part of the solution they will find much more receptive ears on the other side.\n\nAs a conservative, I l believe in gun control for assault weapons. Why not make it somewhat more inconvenient for criminals and desperate people? At least as inconvenient as buying pot.\n\nOn the other hand, after watching the truck terror in France, I know this will not do much to address a motivated terrorist.\nAfter seeing the murder rate in Chicago, and how easily gangs work around legal restrictions in ALL their activities, I know this will not do much for that problem.\n After seeing the illegal substance epidemic in rural America I know how easy it is to find anything illegal in a country as big as ours.\n\nStill, we should place every barrier we can while knowing that a massive country like the USA will not be able to achieve the control over illegal substances- like guns - that much smaller countries. achieve.\n\nIt is the MYOPIC nature of the Democrats approach, immediately casting all the problems of violence in terms of a marginal, vanity solution, that leads Republicans to believe that it is more an effort to mask underlying difficult sometimes politically incorrect conversations about the cultural causes of gang violence (which account for VAST majority of non-suicide gun violence) than anything else. \n\nAs dramatic as they are, mass shootings are a very small percentage of gun violence.", "It's time to stop thinking about the motivation. The terrorism is the effect: 58 dead today. 50 last June in Tampa. More than twenty children at Sandy Hook. \n\nHow can we justify travel bans but not assault weapons bans? Isn't the logic for the former the \"potential danger\" of allowing travelers from countries that can't adequately background check them? How is that logic not applied to the real and repeatedly realized danger of assault weapons?\n\nAnd I'm not sorry for \"making this political\". Murder-by-gun has been political ever since the 2nd Amendment was adopted.", "Every day another shooting.  Americans are killed by guns everyday.  We are terrorized by guns.  We can't go to a concert, a night club, a movie theater, or a friend's house to watch a football game without the fear of someone showing up with a gun and killing or injuring people.  Now is the time to discuss and debate gun control.  We owe it to all the victims of gun violence to fight for sensible gun control.  Our actions will honor them more than our prayers and fake unity.", "These gun mass shootings are a bloodier version of how society has evolved with drunk driving deaths.  Drunk driving deaths occur every day and the bodies add up to the thousands in the course of a year.  Society implicitly accepts it as a trade-off, unwilling to restrict advertising and glamorizing of alcohol products and unwilling to make treatment facilities readily available to all who need them.", "The U.S. is a country I've greatly admired for many years and where I've traveled quite extensively. However, I'm starting to think that it's becoming jut too dangerous to visit. Not because of crime but because of too many guns in hands of too many volatile, potentially dangerous people.", "Ah American Exceptionalism at its most brutal. We have been misled into this corner by our politicians who have been bought by special interests. Citizens United foisted on is by a right wing Supreme Court must be reversed.", "I am overwhelmed by feelings of  grief and sadness. This type of violence stuff seems to be growing both in the number of acts, intensity and number of innocent victims. \n\nI suspect the shooter has a history of untreated severe depression and had plotted and planned this as his exit from a life he found not worth living. \n\nWhy not approach the intransigent NRA and their minions in Congress to  aggressively support broader accessibility to mental health services and forget \"gun control\". There are 250 million guns in the US and after an event like this more are sold. It's a number of weapons that are out there and not easily reduced. But mental health services can be supported by all. ", "Once again a senseless act of cold and calculated insanity has resulted in the murder of dozens of innocents while literally hundreds more have been injured in body and mind. Just listening to the audio portions of the videos taken during the shooting clearly demonstrate that the weapons used were fully automatic. Totally and unquestionably a fully automatic weapon is illegal to own or possess by a private citizen under any and all circumstances. To therefore suggest that we can prevent such senseless acts by legislating that gun ownership should be prohibited for all citizens is pure fallacy. There can be no acceptable explanation or excuse for \u201cwhy\u201d this shooter acted in the manner that he did, however, taking guns from hunters, sport shooters and collectors is not the answer. Indeed this shocking act of one gunman is carnage. The solution on how to properly react and prevent future  instances of such \u201cgun\u201d insanity does not lie in emasculating the Bill of Rights. I recognize that this position would not find favor with most NYTimes readers....may God provide us with the wisdom and courage to find a just solution to this problem.", "The President's response was quick and appropriate. The calls for more gun controls were expected and also appropriate. Something is missing in the immediate media response. Where does the atmosphere of division, hate, and untruthfulness come from that motivated this man to do this? What did he see in the media day after day, week after week, month after month? Did that media bombardment of vitriol contribute to his going over the edge? And who contributed to amplifying that atmosphere of hate and anxiety? Asked and answered.", "This will have to happen many, many more times before any change is possible. Some day, practically everyone will have a friend or family member who was killed in one of these pointless, clockwork bloodbaths, and then, just maybe, someone will suggest that we have too many guns and we could cut back, and people will be like, \"Hmm, yes maybe so\" and a tiny bit of common sense may take root.\n\nI'm in my 50s and don't expect to live to see this, but I think it will happen some day. Usually, stupid and aggressive people are in charge, and infatuation with guns is socially acceptable, so probably many more people must die in the meantime.", "This is the price we pay for our version of \"freedom.\"  We elect politicans who do nothing to reduce the chances of this happening. ", "It seems likely that, at least in part, the murderer was motivated by having his name and picture plastered all over the world's media. Otherwise why not just shoot himself in obscurity?\n\nI believe there should be strict rules about how terrorism - or whatever we want to call this insanity - is reported, with the goal of presenting less incentive for more sensational violent acts. The \"public's right to know\" is superseded by \"the public's right to live.\"", "The carnage is horrific. But far more horrific is the fact that this episode, the Newtown massacre, and every other gun cataclysm in this country will happen because our legislators kowtow to the NRA lobby, who will insist forever that guns are not the problem, people are the problem. As long as Congress stands idly by while crackpots have access to weapons of mass destruction (and make no mistake, what happened in Vegas is mass destruction) we are all sitting ducks.", "A machine gun?\nI used to believe Republicans have some principled constitutional idealogical thinking about guns, so important and fundamental that the rights of the people be set aside in order to make the world safe for guns and those who fetishize them. But it is now clear that Republicans have no ideals. Objections to government action is really a cover for a dearth of ideas\u2014 they got nothing. \n\nI would say vote vote vote but we find ourselves in the grip of people whose vision is limited, in the grip of people who no longer believe in our kind of government and are making decisive moves to corrupt the vote to such an extent it will be rendered useless. We must find a way through ", "Cue the familiar refrains: \"Our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and their families.\" \"This was an evil act perpetrated by a lone wolf/deranged individual.\" \"let not focus on the killer, but rather on the victims of this senseless act.\" And the Mother of All Refrains: This is not the time to talk about gun control; it is the time to mourn the victims.\" Every time when the United States sees yet another \"worst shooting in its modern history\" we hear these trite, and, unfortunately, by now meaningless statements coming out of the mouths of media personalities, gun rights advocates, and, above all, politicians. On December 14 we will mark a very somber anniversary: the fifth anniversary of the slaughter--because that what it was-- of 20 innocent children, ages 6 and 7, in a school in Newtown, CT. This should have been a watershed moment in the history of America's gun culture, the \"Moments of Moments\" to enact sensible gun legislation. Instead, what we got (from the NRA) was, \"The only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun.\" In the five years since, so many more people have died to gun violence. I shudder to know the number of victims it will take before we say, \"Enough already!\"", "A pure act of \"Terrorism\" because if we let evil out of ourselves and act this way we create terror for others. Making distinctions based on creed or ethnicity to judge an act of gratuitous will only shows us inconsistency in define word \"Terrorism\".\ufeff", "In the face of regular mass shootings, when are we ever going to investigate the fact that prescription psychopharmaceuticals are almost always a factor? Why are people who can't manage their lives without being on drugs given the right to bear arms?", "We have to come together and compel our politicians to stand up to the NRA.  This must happen.  And we need to do it together.   Enough of this senseless murder, this destruction of precious human life.  Enough of this cycle of mourning, outrage and forgetting.   ", "Imagine how many more people would have died if the shooter had been able to attach a silencer to his guns.  Many people were able to save themselves last night because they had a tiny fraction of a second to react when they HEARD THE GUNFIRE.\n\nAnd yet the NRA--that most beloved of special interests among our Congressional representatives--is currently pushing a bill that would make silencers easy to get.\n\nThanks NRA--always looking for faster and more efficient ways to kill Americans while lining the pockets of your corporate masters.  Because, after all, what do the lives of 58 Americans (or the rest of the 3000+ who die every year in this country) matter when there are $ billions in profit just waiting to be made by the gun manufacturers.", "If trump really wanted to do something inspiring, that would forever secure himself a positive place in the history books, he would take some of that abusive vengeance out on the NRA right now and push to tighten controls on guns in this country.", "After Sandy Hook, we could not muster the strength to enact any modicum of change so why will this be different?  \n\nTo Live and Die in the United States ... hope it is later than sooner and not tragic.", "Just as the healthcare \"reform\" produced outrage, we must act. We must silence all our reps at their town hall meetings until they take stance and hold the NRA accountable. We must march peacefully in dozens of cities around the states. Fuming over this for a week, posting comments on facebook and NYTimes won't change anything. But where are the protests? Calls to the Capitol Hill? How come we fail to act on this very issue that our lives now depend on? I am tired of a thought in the back of my head every time I go to a movie theater, a restaurant or a state fair that someone has a gun and may open fire. ", "Will this horrendous act finally become the lighting rods that get the lawmaker in Washington to work on sensible gun controls? I sincerely hope this will get the ball rolling, but I\u2019m not holding my breath. ", "Regardless of what we have repeatedly been told, good guys with guns were unable to prevent this. Thanks, NRA and congress, for ignoring the American public's request for more stringent gun control. Now there is more blood on your hands.", "Listening to that rapid gun fire scares me to death. Makes me so sick to my stomach. I'm so sorry for all the victims and family. How was the gunmen allowed to have such a gun? That's a gun for a battle field?  Please stop this from happening in our country. ", "If there isn't the recognition after this outrage that guns in the USA are the cause of an enormous public health crisis then your country is, I am afraid, lost to civilisation. ", "I look forward to the NRA's take on this.  I'm sure it will be, ahm, Innovative.\n\nI think Snopes, or someone, should develop a Bogocity Index: the degree to which a statement or excuse by some Worthy is Bogus.  It would range from zero to infinity, zero being Not at All (True), to infinity.  But no statement, however preposterous, should be assigned simply \"infinite\", since it could not be outdone.  Someone might earn a Bogocity Index of one million on this; then our President will tweet something about Korea that would earn a million and one - or two million, in the expectation that yet another party would issue a statement of intermediate bogocity.\n\nI do not mean to make light of this horrendous tragedy, but I do look forward to a scathing defense by the NRA and its unaccountably numerous stalwart defenders.  Is the problem that these concert attendees were not, to the last man, woman and child, fully armed?  What could possibly have been done to keep this off-the-radar nut from his self-appointed mission?\n\nThe time came long ago to stand up to these people.  And the time came long ago to recognize that Muslims, immigrants and other strangers to us are not the problem.  As Pogo said, we have met the enemy, and he is us.", "Tom Winter\u200fVerified account @Tom_Winter 3m3 minutes ago\nMore\nNBC News: Stephen Paddock had recently gambled tens of thousands at Vegas casinos, sources say. Unclear if those were wins or losses.", "When will it be our turn to die in a mass shooting -- at the supermarket, the baseball game, the Division of Motor Vehicles, the ballet... ?", "What's the difference between \"terrorism\" and \"pure evil\"?\n\nRegardless, we will never get rid of either one...one is a tactic and both are contextually subjective.", "LaPierre and his deplorable NRA should no longer be allowed lobbyists.This is just sickening,senseless and stupid.Our country at this moment does not resemble the one I grew up in.We need citizens to come together to express anger over everything that's happening across our country and washington DC\u2026the center of this lunacy.", "He was part of a well-regulated militia, right?\n\n(Credit to Roger W., where it is due!)", "How painful and fear inducing.  I can only pray for the families and friends of the victims.  While there will be an outcry against guns and mental health, we are steadily moving towards a society where TSA style checkpoints will have to be everywhere.  It will mean more scanners, cameras and pat-downs.  This is what America has come to.", "Thank you, NRA and Congress.", "I grieve for the  families of the victims and pray fro those families who are watching over a loved one in hospital.\n\nI am also angry. Angry of the fact that our politicians, and lobbyists, have allowed this to happen. They allowed a person to buy a machine gun and murder/maim hundreds of people. This weapon was no meant fro self protection or for hunting, but to kill people. \n\nEach time, we get another mass shooting, the politicians express their grief, maybe sorrow, and then its business as usual \n\nThis event changed gun laws in Australia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Port_Arthur_massacre_(Australia). In this case, 23 people died and 23 people were injured.\n\nLast night, 58 people died and 500 were injured. Probably many more will die.\n\nIf all died, that would be 1/6 of  who died on 9/11 or Pearl Harbor.\n\nThe United States just had its Port Arthur Massacre several times over in the  span of minutes. We have has other mass shootings that exceeded that of Port Arthur.\n\nThis act was not done by a Muslin, a member of ISIS, an Arab, a Syrian, an Irani, an Iraqi, a Somali, or a Libyan; it was done by a good old white boy nut case that had no business owning a gun.\n\nWhile our so called President, and his party, hear up on another war on terrorism, their hateful rhetoric drove this person to commit an act of terror. \n\nIt is high time that this issues is addressed, before we have something even worse than this. What's next; hundreds dead and a thousand injured?", "Why you ask?\n\nThink about this.  Then think about what Steve Bannon said.\n\nhttps://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-10-02/fake-news-fills-infor...", "Sadly nothing will change,  American lives are cheap.  Guns and money matter more.  ", "America is corroding from the inside, accomplishing the slow-motion destruction our enemies \u2014 terrorists and foreign powers \u2014 have been seeking for decades.  Our polarized populace is now too quick to react, casting aside moral, ethical and legal standards in pursuit of any self-serving warped agenda.  Today's cruel nut with a gun is an extreme example from a list that already includes many so-called personalities, and becomes longer every day as reflexive social media fights intensify.  Where is the leadership to put this fire out?", "It's always the white male with no prior arrests that does these mass shootings. Not the NRA's boogeyman of a hardened criminal whom citizens need to be armed to the gills to protect themselves from. What is it going to take to repeal the 2nd amendment? It's a man-made law, not God's word. We've seen school children get killed and now concert goers. What place is safe now? ", "This is what I email our Governor here in Nevada:\n\"You don't even have a topic labeled guns.  Until you call a special session and ban all variations of these mass slaughter weapons we will need rivers of blood to replace the rivers of blood sprayed everywhere by guns that have NO place in a civilized country.  But we aren't civilized are we?\nhttps://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/mar/15/so-america-this-is-how-y...\"", "So many responses, sadness and numbness and anger.  I wanted to add the same thoughts as well, but feel helpless to bring about any change.  The NRA and the weak-kneed Congress will not move on gun safety.  What will it take?", "Americans worship guns.  Until that changes things will continue to get worse. The NRA has made sure that complete unfettered access to firearms has become part of our national identity. No regulation no matter how insignificant can get past them. Any attempt at moderation is portrayed as a plot to take all of their precious guns away. \n\nThis incident calls attention to the terrible \"logic\" gun nuts never fail to fall back on when tragedy strikes.  Does anyone seriously believe this tragedy could have been prevented by a good guy with a gun? Even if the entire audience had been armed to the teeth would that have prevented this catastrophe???\n\nI am numb and to be honest I have just about given up on this issue.  Too many of my fellow Americans support this insanity. They seem to believe that every man woman and child in the USA should own as many fully automatic weapons and armor piercing bullets as they can afford.  (What about dogs and cats?  Don't they have rights too?) Not satisfied that they can own a military grade arsenal gun nuts are now lobbying to legalize SILENCERS! The only purpose of a silencer is too kill people more quietly.  Nobody uses silencers to hunt deer.\n\nUntil sanity breaks out in this country it seems like hopes and prayers are all we have. Mine are running thin along with my patience. ", "Yes, of course this is a horrendous nightmare and my heart goes out to the victims and their families. But this and similar such tragedies could possibly have been avoided if there weren't such a stigma surrounding mental health care and mental health issues. Health insurance often covers a deductible-free yearly checkup with a general practitioner. It should also cover a deductible-free yearly checkup with a mental health professional. By providing this service free of charge to everyone with health insurance (and perhaps giving some sort of incentive, like a deduction), it not only reduces the stigma surrounding mental health issues, but it will also help identify individuals with violent or sociopathic tendencies so that they can get help and intervention before it escalates to something like this. \n\nThoughts and prayers to Las Vegas.", "How many deaths will it take 'til we know that too many people have died? -Bob Dylan", "Why is this happening?\n\nPart of the blame is the media, including the NY Times.\n\nNews reporting in the US has become increasingly partisan, in which those of different opinions are characterized as \"racists\" or \"bigots\" because they hold different opinions.\n\nThe actual world that the NY Times should be reporting on is unbelievably complex.  A glimpse into complexity is provided by the excellent series on Vietnam by Ken Burns and Lynn Novick which recently screened on PBS TV.\n\nOne finds that there were SEVERAL sides to the war, bravery on many fronts.\n\nInstead of sharing that complexity, the NY Times frequently endorses an overly simplistic reaction to current events.\n\nPeople march to tear down a statue of Robert E Lee.  But study the history of the Civil War and you will realize that it also was complex.  There was heroism demonstrated by Southern soldiers, most too poor to own slaves, who had legs amputated with no anesthetic.  People see different things in the monuments that remain.\n\nIt is a most vile form of hate speech to claim that a monument to Robert E Lee is only about \"racism.\"\n\nYes, we have a President who often fans the flames.  Colin Kaepernick was wrong to disrespect the flag.  But this is minor compared to the huge injustices that need to be addressed in American society.\n\nIt is the hypocrisy and sanctimony of politicians of both parties and of the pundits who write hateful essays in the pages of the NY Times that produce a violent society.\n\nHave you no shame?", "In order to make sense of the Second Amendment try to remember that it was written into an 18th century document at a time when one had to stop and reload a gun almost all the time.  Having said that  it's also important to recall that our Founding Fathers hated the British-style professional armies like the Redcoats.  The Founders envisioned an America where each citizen would have his gun close at hand ready to respond to an emergency where American liberty was being threatened by outsiders.  The Founders  romanticized this idea of the American Citizen Soldier fighting back against these European Professional Armies.   Even though a lot has changed since 1789 as our weapons became more and more deadly, the overly idealized view of the Second Amendment hasn't changed.  We still view ourselves as citizen soldiers ready at a moment's notice to do battle against evil interlopers.", "\"It's like shooting fish in a barrel from where he was.'' said Jake Owens\n\nWe are all the fish and the USA is the barrel.", "This won't change a thing. Because 100 million of my brain-dead fellow citizens thing this could have been prevented by a good guy with his own gun and tripod.", "My condolences to the victims and survivors. It still amazes many that 'normal' Americans can still buy automatic weapons with only slightly more difficulty than buying a car.\n\nRegarding the shooter, Trump was quick to deny any connection to Islamic Terrorism, even before the investigations are completed. It suggests he is terrified that a connection will be found, especially to countries whose citizens were exempted from his visa restriction list.\n\nIn truth, Trump is between a rock and a hard place: \n\n1. If the shooter proves to have had an Islamic connection it will put paid to Trump's claims of being able to \"keep America safe.\"\n\n2. If the shooter has no Islamic connection it will reinforce the fact that most terrorism in the U.S. originates locally, and that Trump's focus on Muslims is a red herring playing to the nation's worst fears.\n\nOne can only hope that some sense emerges from this and prior catastrophes, and that the fatalities were not in vain.", "Trump has long ago prostituted his moral authority to his narcissism to be help bring about unity! Hasn't he been doing everything in his power to encourage the already radical NRA to never compromise even the face of overwhelming and nonpartisan common sense approach to gun violence?! \n\nWe will remain united as Americans, but when we do, it's in spite of Trump, not because of him! ", "In these still early hours of this horrendous tragedy our thoughts and prayers go out to the injured and those who perished and their families. After law enforcement has done its job and determined all the facts relative to the gunman and any possible accomplices or enablers, we can look at how the nation deals with assault weapons going forward. With so many killed and hurt the easy availability of military-style, automatic weapons will certainly need to be addressed. Madmen will always seek to use whatever means available to achieve their warped objectives. It's the job of the rest of us to make those means as difficult to access as possible.", "\"The worst mass shooting in American history\"\n\n  My response is too callous to print (or even think to be honest with myself).  I fear there is no breaking point.  I fear that this is part of being American.  I know that it isn't, yet functionally, does it matter if it isn't?", "I will offer nothing as trite as \"thoughts or prayers.\" There is nothing someone who hasn't witnessed this kind of tragedy (or lost someone to it) can say in times like these. Truly the only thing we can (and MUST) do is take immediate steps to make sure it never happens again. \n\nThis massive and utterly horrific attack was perpetrated by ONE man with access to automatic weapons. How long must we watch such things unfold while the NRA continues to benefit from our blindness and complacency? This is the worst mass shooting event in modern history. WILL IT FINALLY BE ENOUGH?\n\nCall your sentators now. Tell them we need the same gun control as every other developed nation on earth. Americans deserve better than this. ", "Trump's call for unity is hollow. Politician's calls for prayers are hollow. If indeed there was unity in this country then the representatives in congress and throughout our nation would do better to recognize the unity that exists among a majority of Americans that agree we do need tighter and more gun regulations. The same could be said for a host of other issues that transcend political party (environment, education, jobs, immigration, equal rights). So when \"they\" (the \"powers\" that be and the ones they answer to) talk about unity it rings to my ears as fairly vacuous and frankly a lie that glosses over a corrupt, motivated agenda.", "Mr. Trump labeled this most recent killing an \u201cact of pure evil\u201d and added \u201cWe pray for the day when evil is banished, and the innocent are safe from hatred and from fear.\u201d \n\nI know it\u2019s hard to say anything that doesn\u2019t sound trite in the face of such actions, but this looks like another invitation to bypass meaningful reform. We know nothing about the circumstances that drove Mr. Paddock to do what he did, but we can\u2019t simply brand everyone who takes the lives of others \u201cevil\u201d without understanding what led them down that road. Even when we do find reasons, we behave as if the problem isn\u2019t endemic. The rugged individualism of our Protestant ethics doesn\u2019t guide us to systemic solutions. Easier to blame the individual, despite the fact that in any given week hundreds of individuals make similar, if less extreme, choices. Tensions in this country are so high that any one of us can snap, and, clearly, so many do. Every day. This is another opportunity to bring about meaningful reform \u2013 and another one likely to be squandered if we just label Paddock another rogue aberration in our otherwise perfect country. ", "Like most Americans I wanted to hear what the President had to say about this tragedy. John Roberts of CNN mentioned that this is a time for the President to be consoler and chief, unify the country and not to bring up politics. But I must admit that what I was curious about was whether or not Trump heard that message or would go off script and embarrass our country once again. He didn't, and in fact he was very Presidential while reading the speech that was skillfully written for him. Also he didn't answer questions, which prevented Trump's inner self from speaking about what he really is thinking about, which may have had nothing to do with the speech he just delivered.\n\nMaybe, once the grief and detailed analysis is over with, we can look at the facts, that America has become a dangerous place to live and most of the violence we see on the news has nothing to do with outside threats, but are coming from within. We are our own worst enemy.", "Any normal person feels horrified by this terrorism, but, unfortunately, our \"thoughts and prayers\" and political finger-pointing will not help the people whose lives were destroyed by a mass murderer with an arsenal. No one seems to be able to transition the gun culture of this country to something positive and life-affirming.\n\nPerhaps if foreign countries issued \"travel advisories\" to their citizens visiting the U.S, warning them that they run an increased risk of being assassinated by a shooter when they tour this country, the Congress might take note.\n\nPerhaps if it were a felony to fail to perform a background check incidental to a gun sale -- whether at a show or otherwise -- dealers might take note.\n\nPerhaps if gun owners were subject to re-licensing, mandatory continuing education, and regular mental health checks, the courts might take note.\n\nPerhaps if manufacturers and retailers were subject to civil and criminal penalties for putting into the stream of commerce weapons intended only for war, and not for sport, the lobbyists might take note. \n\nAnd perhaps, just perhaps, if the states came together, and amended the Constitution to clarify the 2nd Amendment so that there was no doubt that possession of a weapon whose sole purpose is to maim and kill other persons is a revocable privilege, and not an inviolate right, the People might take note.\n\nAnd young people doing nothing more than sharing in the beauty of music and community might go home to their loved ones.   ", "We've chosen to organize our country so that monied interests set policy for the rest of us, and we view shootings like this as one of the unfortunate but acceptable costs of that system.", "I realized nothing would change in America when nothing was done after Sandy Hook.  People ask \u201cwhen will it stop\u201d. Folks, it won\u2019t stop.  The NRA is too powerful. Politicians are too weak.  The country is too divided.   And we will all think about it for a week or two and it will fade into the back pages until it happens again.  ", "Of the ten most murderous mass shootings in American history, most of them involved a semiautomatic assault weapon.  Most of them ended in the shooter's suicide.  Of those ten mass shootings, six of them occurred during the most recent decade of our history.  \n\nNone of the \"top ten\" shootings occurred during the Federal ban on assault weapons (1994 -- 2004).  Although assault weapons were available prior to the ban, mass shootings were rarer and resulted in fewer casualties.\n\nFirearms related suicides have been committed for centuries, regardless of a weapon's firepower.  Even murder/suicides have not been uncommon.  Mass murder/suicides are a new phenomenon.\n\nWhat has changed?  First, the availability of assault weapons with much greater capacity and rate of fire.  They are available to fanatics and the seriously mentally ill.\n\nFor reasons I can't explain, some suicidal people have chosen to murder masses of  strangers as part of their act of self-destruction.  In some way, I think these horrible mass shootings are an unintended byproduct of the media coverage such horrors have come to receive.\n\nA resumption of the ban on assault weapons is a logical first step in an effort to completely eliminate that class of firearm.  Regarding media coverage, we could use some restraint.  Do we really need to know the names, histories or even motives of these killers?  Do we encourage them with the guarantee of posthumous celebrity?", "Like automobile fatalities, America has implicitly, and explicitly, accepted such carnage as the trade off to a greater good (or desire).  That being the case, let's forgo the usual speeches of how shocking and unacceptable is this massacre.  ", "From Madrid, Spain. Totally at a loss for words. All I can think of is pray for the victims and their families. You all have our support.", "My deepest sympathy to the victims and their families. Frankly I don't know if the world I am living in is real or the figment of my imagination. ", "Note to my fellow Americans:  If I am every the victim of gun violence, whether a mass shooting or just little old me, you have my complete permission and approval to \"politicize\" my death in the name of gun control.  You do not have to wait for my body to get cold.  You do not have to wait for my family to even be notified, let alone grieve.  I decline any politicians thoughts or prayers.  In my memory- just DO something about the insane proliferation of automatic weapons in this country.", "Good thing we have a travel ban. One crazy American  with access to firearms and ammunition caused 500 casualties. We need to reassess our priorities.", "When is the U.S. going to ban assault rifles?  Why would anyone need an assault rifle except for the police and military?  Sadly though, if nothing was done to change gun laws after Sandy Hook, when 'will' laws be changed.  Perhaps if the rest of the world boycotted vacationing in the U.S. until gun laws are changed - that might have an impact?  Sadly, I have no desire to go to the U.S. because of the draconian gun laws.  Sympathies to the families affected by this terrible incident.  ", "\"Thoughts and prayers\" is what the policy response will be. Anyone expecting anything sensible to come out of this need to look no further than Sandy Hook...if that didn't do it, nothing will.\n\nIn the Heller case, the US Supreme Court effectively deleted \"well regulated militia\" from the 2nd Amendment (a most \"activist\" opinion from the supposedly non-activist, conservative wing). The NRA has won, folks. The politicians are understandably terrified of the NRA and their crazies. \n\nOur current generation is lost on this issue. Our only hope is that a future generation will bring about cultural change. Until then, thoughts and prayers, thoughts and prayers.", "Time to have another look at guns? \n\nTime to reread the Second Amendment? \n\nWhat can be worse than this?", "At least this didn't happen at a Trump casino, because they've all gone bankrupt.", "More than 1.500,000 Americans have been killed by guns in my lifetime. That number does not impress the NRA and its fans. \n\nI am curious what number would impress them to reconsider restrictions of tools of mass murder (which a machine gun is). 5,000,000 million dead? 30,000,000 million dead? Is there a breaking point in the statistical curve? What would that number finally be? ", "Of course after all of the ritualized news coverage is finished, after all of the even-more-ritualized phony grief is expressed by politicians ... absolutely nothing will change.  Nothing.\n\nAs a matter of perspective, here's a story headline in today's Monday morning Chicago Tribune:  \"Weekend violence in Chicago leaves 32 shot, 4 fatally\" .  There's absolutely nothing unusual about that story or that stat.  In fact, it's a bit low after the nice weekend we've had.  We in Chicago have nearly the equivalent of this massacre each week in Chicago.  Nobody cares, unless it spills out of the handful of neighborhoods that normally host it.\n\nNothing will change.  We love public violence.  We're saturated with bloody entertainment.", "I own guns and I have not killed anyone.\n\nIf only everyone carried a gun, someone could have killed the bad guy before he killed this many innocent people.\n\nIf he did not have a gun, maybe he would have used a bomb.\n\nThere is no way to control gun violence because there are millions of guns in circulation; we need more guns to keep us safe from bad people with guns.\n\nThis was just one person misusing guns; tens of millions of Americans own guns but never kill anyone.\n\nThis is not a good time to talk about gun politics and gun violence.\n\nPeople who do not own guns do not have enough insight to understand how to prevent crimes and accidents committed with guns.\n\nCrazy liberals who have no respect for the Constitution want to take away our guns, therefore we need to buy more guns just in case.\n\nBackground checks would not work.\n\nRequiring training, licensing, and tracking of weapons and weapons owners is intrusive and expensive.\n\nWe cannot be compared to other countries, not even Canada; the United States is too unique to make the connection between ubiquity of guns and the likelihood of gun deaths that holds in the rest of the world.\n\nThis is terrorism [it is not, actually]. We need to track down the terrorists and kill them, but leave the access to guns among American citizens unchecked.\n\nWhat about [insert any other cause of preventable death]; look over there!\n\nIt's complicated.\n\nIt's really sad, but there is nothing we can do.\n\nWe send our thoughts and prayers.\n\nENOUGH!", "The NRA has an international arm, and it's full name these days is the NRA-ILA. They oppose restrictions to selling guns and ammunition into armed conflicts in which crimes of humanity are occuring (the Arms Trade Treaty).  They believe that everyone who wants to slaughter people should have the means method and opportunity. \n\nThe FBI just said in a news conference that the shooter had no connections to an international organization.  Until we know whether he was a member of this gun running, murder promoting organization, you can't really call him a lone wolf.  He's very probably an NRA terrorist.", "We live in a society with many mentally sick individuals. At the time that the constitution was written, the type of individuals that were sick and were a risk of killing mass amounts of people for pathological reasons was not comparable. Even in the twentieth century, which I grew up in, did these acts occur in any possibly comparable way. Society in 2017 is creating sicker people than the laws of colonial America made allowances for. This are facts that truthful people must accept.", "\"Choices have consequences\".  The people (we) have chosen virtually unlimited access to guns and ammunition. They (we) are responsible for every gun death regardless of who pulls the trigger. Those who accept this state of affairs as inevitable  (\"we have no choice\") are the worst of the worst. More martyrs to the cause? Fine with them. \"Let us pray\". Right. That should work. ", "A sad loss for the families of this act of terrorism. But an editorial question - no mention of the terrorist's religious background? I don't have to give a long explanation for the reasoning of this question since the terrorists was a senior white male but I thought when terrorism strikes America we always focused on their religious background and beliefs. It seems sad that Americans can't give the religious background of Timothy McVeigh(Catholic) James Holmes (Lutheran) nor Dylan Roof, (Lutheran) Adam Lanza (Catholic) and all the other American terrorists. Is it possible because America has denied that we have Christian terrorists among us. ", "Anyone who dares utter that tired (not to mention untrue) platitude, \"If only a few good people in the crowd had had automatic weapons,\" should be forced to go to the morgues to see the bullet-riddled bodies, should be made to visit the grieving parents, wives, husbands and children of the dead and to visit the traumatized wounded and say it to their faces.\nThe guy had 10 weapons! When will this insanity stop?", "Why are we shocked?  Disgusted, yes,  but not shocked.  \n\nNot in a nation where one can purchase a firearm capable of exterminating large numbers of people, most times with less scrutiny than one faces to adopt a pet.\n\nAll of the recent and constant hysteria surrounding immigrant bans and protecting \"the homeland\" from foreign terror, fails to realize that the real danger, in fact, hot hyperbole is from our own citizens who are able to buy assault weapons (the name alone should be enough to ban them) and ammunition magazines capable of firing 100 rounds in mins.\n\nThere is a difference between owning a hunting rifle or a handgun for protection inside your home and stockpiling military grade weapons that are manufactured or one thing, killing large numbers of human beings quickly.", "Could be I'm getting cynical in my old age (and usually we grow out of cynicism when we realize how little time we have left), but really, if stereotypically gun-toting country music fans won't get worked up about this massacre, then the rest of us should just give it up. \n\nBut perhaps they will. \n\nThe guy had too many guns, too much ammunition, and a safe state in which to transport all that stuff. Other crazy people just walk around cursing. ", "Could our representatives please step up and advocate for stronger laws that prevent terrorists and the mentally unstable from getting their hands on guns and ammunition?  ", "The RNA has blood in its hands and all the people who are against gun control.  Unfortunately, like after Sandy Hook and all the other tragedies , there will be a lot of talking , outrage,  TV debates but  nothing will change and we just have to wait for the next one.  Shame.", "It is amazing that so many commentators (including #45) on this horrific event adopt such an individualistic framework for making sense of it. \"Mental Illness,\" \"lunacy,\" \"evil.\"  No indictment of our cultural predisposition to violence and violation, no exploration of militaristic subcultures, aggressive masculinity, nor of the divide-and-conquer strategies and the culture of fear being whipped up by our current executive branch and their co-conspirators in the white nationalist movement and the billionaire class. This is not about politics. This is the sociology of our nation and it behooves all of us to take it seriously and to work to alter our trajectory.  \n\nHolding all of the victims and their families in the light. Time for all of us to work toward shining it on our self-destructive culture and violent social structures. Enough is enough is enough! ", "My heart goes out to the bereaved families and the victims of this senseless inhumane Terroristic attack. Trump can take credit for the biggest mas shooting in our recent history, he likes big and the best things. I know nothing with regards to gun ownership will change, soon people forget and then 2nd amendment shall be the crutch that NRA, Republicans, and a lot of Trump followers use to do nothing to prevent the next one.  Trump, Fox News, and Trump supporters would find another non-issues such as kneeling vs standing etc. to the National Anthem, to make us forget the real issue of Racism. We did not do anything when children were massacred during Obama\u2019s Term. Even Pakistan Army got riled up to kill terrorist when children were attacked/killed in the school. I wonder when we would wake up to the reality that guns do kill.\n\nIt must not be a party issue, it is a safety issue for our citizens. We have failed our citizens plain and simple. Are we going to label it as Terrorism? It is domestic terrorism. The media is shying away from the \u2018T\u2019 word. Why? It is time we started calling a spade a spade.", "Why does the headline state \"One of the Worst\"- it is the worst. I don't have the stomach to listen to Trump readings his statement this morning- as it is just a series of words to him. He has no empathy for the those who lost their lives- and the effects on thousands of people for the rest of their lives.  White man with a gun gets less attention from him than a football player kneeling. Where are the tweets about rational gun control?", "February 2017:\n\"President Donald Trump quietly signed a bill into law Tuesday rolling back an Obama-era regulation that made it harder for people with mental illnesses to purchase a gun.\"\nGOP: The mentally ill must be allowed to have automatic weapons. ", "Republicans protect this kind of person. They allow multiple guns to be sold to unstable individuals. It happens over and over and over again. If your representatives in Congress don't vote for sane controls on the sale of weapons of war withing the United States, vote them out. Enough is enough. Prayers are very hollow when this happens over and over again. The next event is just around the corner. And don't forget that so-called president Trump went to speak to the NRA convention and praised gun \"collectors.\" Sick.", "Trump is dammned by the left no matter what he says on this tragic event. When Obama and Clinton say something, i am sure the left will say how wonderful their  comments are, even if they are the exact same words as the President. \n\nA shame that some commentators can't  help but use any event as a forum to bash Trump.", "I beg our government to see the light and ban all automatic weapons before more innocent lives are lost. The mass shooting of children was not enough to sway those heartless, amoral, spineless gun advocates in Congress and this event will most likely move none of these people to action either. The discussion must include mental health as well. Automatic weapons are the common denominator in most of our recent attacks-look at this obvious pattern and pass the legislation to stop it, regardless of how much money the NRA has spent to buy the majority of our representatives. Stand up for what is right and know that you did the right thing for the history of this country. Do not let America become the Home of the Depraved!", "This time it is different, America !   A mass-murder in Las Vegas.!  This was a sad and blatant attack on young people!  Our oncoming generations of leaders!  As a very old person, I find myself wondering if the youngsters are going to tolerate our so-far unlimited ownership of guns and ammunition, in numbers greater even than our population.  My generation - and several others - have had to exist under the rules of the NRA-owned Congress, and we have watched massacre after massacre over the years with the excuses provided by the NRA and gun owners.  I am too old for it to matter.....but I think it is time for our young people to take control of their lives and their futures our of the hands of the NRA.  The time is NOW!", "The entire Congress should be made to fly to Las Vegas and personally view the bodies of the victims in the coroners office, take along with them Wayne LaPierre from the NRA. We haven't heard much from him since Trump took office and the Republicans hold all three branches of government! Perhaps they could enforce the second part of the second amendment that addresses the well regulated militia which is overlooked by them and the gun nuts.\nWhat happened to the rights of the dead and injured to be able to enjoy life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness?\nWe can mourn and pray for all of them as we always do but it will do absolutely nothing to prevent the next slaughter. The number of Americans killed by terrorism is a much smaller number than those by gun violence!", "Politicize this. The only solutions to our insane gun laws are political. Politicize this!", "Trump attributes this event to \"evil.\" Thanks for the heads-up, genius.\n\nThe ability of evil to do evil is aided many times over by the easy availability of the instruments of evil.\n\nRemove guns from America, and 58 people would still be alive \u2014 as well as a significant number of the 30,000 other Americans killed every year by firearms.\n\nSo much easier to just condemn \"evil\" and offer meaningless prayers. And let the carnage continue.", "Listened to President Tiny Hands' speech and heard nothing about \"American Carnage.\" Guess that's because none of his friends lost money as a result of the shooting.", "I was in Las Vegas two months ago for Psycho Las Vegas, another three day music festival like this one and something like this was always in the back of mind as a possibility. It is a sad time to be alive when after events like this one and what happened at the Bataclan, people will be afraid of being killed at something as positive as a music concert - the very purpose of which is to bring people together to celebrate creativity and provide a refuge from the terrible world we live in. ", "Every person at the Las Vegas concert could have been armed, carrying their favorite AR and AK military-style weapons, and it would not have made one iota of difference in the number of casualties.  The shooter had prepared well.  Panicky return fire would have only dramatically increased the number of wounded and dead.\n\nIt is not simply that there are too many guns in America.  This is true, yes, but more to the point, there are too many of a particular style of weapon, and too many people in thrall with the idea of carrying them and especially using them.  And these are weapons that, contrary to the NRA and to anything those who make, distribute and sell them may say, were never intended by their inventors to be used in the pursuit of game to be put on the dinner table, or backyard target practice, or plinking at tin cans.  These firearms were developed for one and only one reason: To wound, disable and kill as many people as possible in as short a time as possible.\n\nLast night America and its president found out that that number is much too large in a time frame that can be measured in seconds.  The question to be answered now is: Was it large enough this time to do anything about it?\n\nRemember: Past is prologue, and Donald Trump is president.", "The worst mass murder in US history is beyond tragic.  Thousands of innocent people were attending a concert and having a fun night out with friends and then suddenly a murder rampage occurs.  There are no words to describe this horrifying event that has so far killed 58 people and wounded hundreds more.  My heart goes out to the victims, their families and to those who had to experience this terrifying event.  We must enjoy life to the fullest as we do not know what tomorrow brings.  My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Las Vegas.  Please stay strong.", "My thoughts and prayers are with all of the victims and their families. I hope this horrific incident will finally, maybe, make Congress take gun control seriously. The NRA needs to go on a long hike into oblivion and take their guns with them.\n\nWe will always have unstable, angry people, but we can and must take all measures to disarm them. I imagine this event will cause hotels, casinos and large venues to install metal detectors at all of their entrances, a sad but very necessary requirement of modern life.", "The new kind of war. I have two definitions of that.\n\nOne I've outlined in an article called \"Here At the Edge of the World.\" That will google up; in that context I mean a war in which the environment is the weapon. In this context, I mean a government that allows, and encourages, people to possess weapons of war, where those weapons are used routinely on the people. (This is similar because guns are part of our environment, by design.)\n\nThe effect is a proxy war on the people, on behalf of the people who arm the population, who then take \"their own\" guns and do its bidding (i.e., the killing itself). The purpose is the same as the purpose as any terrorism: to inflict shock and horror, and to keep the people in a helpless state. When you hear guys with guns talk about uprising and revolution, this is what they mean. It's also essential to remember that the 2nd Amendment was a compromise with the south so that their slave patrols could be armed.\n\nNote that this particular shooter was so well armed and at such a distinct strategic advantage that nobody could stop him. By the time SWAT teams (themselves pinned down by live fire) had located him and had blown up his hotel room door, he had already killed or injured more than 500 people and then had killed himself. No justice, no peace.", "The House is about to vote on a GOP-sponsored NRA-endorsed bill to remove current restrictions on buying silencers for guns.  Without the ability to recognize the sound of gunshots, can you imagine the additional carnage that this bill might have wrought in Las Vegas were it to have already become law?", "I see where Democrats are telling Congress (using particularly impolitic language) to do something about gun laws. Maybe if legislators cared more about their constituents than about keeping their seats, this wouldn\u2019t be a problem.\n\nThat said, should any representative or senator defy the gun lobby, its money, and its threats of an electoral challenge, we need to support that person in every way possible regardless of political ideology. It\u2019s past time that we stop letting the special interests further divide and conquer \u2014 and kill \u2014 this country.\n\nI hope Las Vegas is a turning point. But I\u2019ve wished that after other mass shootings, too.", "Will Republicans and the NRA begin an intelligent discussion about the need for gun control?  The expanded push for unregulated gun rights by the GOP and NRA goes way beyond the intent of a \"well regulated militia.\"  There is no way to define mass shootings as an exercise in 2nd amendment rights.  ", "My curiosity remains, if they say he might have been using a belt-fed weapon, that immediately makes me think the M249 Squad automatic weapon, which is a US Armed forces issue, and is illegal to civilians was used and that is a large and heavy weapon with a 100 round box magazine that uses a belt. So, here's my question how does one manage to get passed security with that? ", "Guns are the only legal product in the US that, when used as intended, result in death.  Yet they are much more lightly regulated than many other daily use items - cars, medicine, food, etc.\n\nOur government is clearly failing us. \n\nCondolences to the families.  Terribly tragic. ", " The video replays sounded like an M60 which is a light machine gun.  This weapon was everywhere in Vietnam.  They are belt fed and do jam especially if fired in long bursts as this shooter did.  The fact that this type of weapon is out in the public is not surprising but very scary.", "to those who say we should not politicize the dead: keeping silent is also a political statement. ", "I can barely process the horror of this massacre. Why would someone do this? Why would anyone want to inflict such violence on innocent people? Why did he have so many guns? Also, I thought you weren't able to bring guns into hotels. Does the casino have metal detectors or are people allowed to bring in their guns? Will the hospitals have support from surrounding states? Is there enough staff? ", "This is tragic - gun control may not be the answer but the 2nd amendment needs to be updated to take care of present day demographics. A new generation is growing up  in a different world and faces many incorrigible conditions in the US. Shame of the Gun Lobby - half the world is starving -but the country with a full belly seems to have such unhappy people in it wanting out wipe out the happy ones. ", "This is truly shocking.  However the Republicans are going to try to eliminate the ban on silencers this week.  They believe shooter can loose their hearing because of the noise a gun makes so by allowing shooters to use silencers, they won't go deaf.  WOW!  Instead, people in situations like Las Vegas won't hear the shooting and therefore won't be able to realize why people are falling all over the street.  Sure hope the shooter didn't go deaf while mowing down 50 innocent concert goers.  Who knows, maybe the Las Vegas shooter could have doubled his score with a silencer!  When are the Republicans going to realize that they are continually on the WRONG side of most issues?", "I'm a 44 year-old Canadian and have never seen a firearm, aside from a hunting rifle. Everytime an American mass shooting happens, I am angry and bewildered as to what is wrong with politicians and their inability to pass sensible gun laws. I recognize the powers of the NRA, many Americans twisted interpretation of the 2nd ammendment, their glorification of violence, and this general illogical need to own a gun for protection. However, what is the purpose of owning any sort of automatic weapon, except to cause unsensible death and destruction? How can these weapons be so easily obtained? After going through all these feelings and questioning motivations for not changing the laws, I wake up and realize where I live. Not my circus, not my monkey.", "Many responsible gun owners will claim that: \"I never kill or hurt anyone with my weapons. Why should we responsible gun owners be deprived of our weapons because of a handful of lunatics?\"  This self-soothing rationale denies the actual statistics. So far in 2017 (prior to Las Vegas) 11,652 people have been killed by guns in the USA and 23,516 wounded. This is not the work of a handful of lunatics. It is ordinary people using guns, intentionally or accidentally, to kill family members, friends, strangers, or themselves. This is an epidemic of violence. No one including gun owners is safe. Guns are designed to kill. If we want to stop the killing, we have to ban guns for all of us - not just a few \"crazies\".", "Though I need to turn away from this tragedy quickly to avoid being unable to work, I \"listened\" to about 30 seconds of the video here and what I heard sounded like a war film excerpt.  We desperately need gun control.", "So,when an white american with GUNS commits a mass shooting we are going to call him a \u201clone wolf\u201d...  The rest will be call terrorist...\nTrumps calls this \"An act of pure evil\"...?  This is an act of PURE NATIONAL TERRORISM", "If you go Wikipedia and look out mass shooting chapter, 90% of the netry comes  from USA.\n\nI am proud of  my country, we delve in to the very insanity of  having gun is important than ones life, but we shall never abort babies, because  we need them  when they grow up for  mowing  down with bullet in the hand of  outright mentally insane  criminals.\n\nThank you NRA ", "For sixteen consecutive years the U.S. has been at war against the Muslim world to fight terrorism in order to protect American citizens from harm, so we are told. If our government truly cared about our safety and saving lives at home, Congress and the President would be in a race to begin the process of repealing the second amendment and turn their backs on money doled out by the NRA.  It would be the easiest, cheapest, and most effective way to safeguard many lives against this domestic carnage.  If point-blank execution of grade school children in Sandy Hook was not sufficient reason to ban guns, then nothing will change.  Even if Congressional members in DC, while in session, were gunned down in vast numbers in the Capitol building as in this tragedy in Las Vegas, most likely nothing would change. Instead, a field Army would be deployed with all the heavy armor and weapons associated with a military invasion.  It\u2019s utter madness.", "I don't want to hear the excuses for this massacre.  I don't want to hear he was mentally ill.  It doesn't matter.  No one should have access to these weapons ever - period. ", "We're worried about North Korea? No one kills Americans better than Americans.", "From another article today in the NYT: \"Nevada, unlike some states, has no laws limiting ammunition magazine capacities, meaning the shooter could have purchased equipment locally that could hold scores of rounds, allowing him to fire longer without reloading.\" This is the crux of the problem, isn't it?  The legislators are so beholden to the NRA and in turn its rabid and intractable gun-obsessed members, that they lack the backbone to enact even the slimmest of 'common sense' gun control laws.  Why would any civilian be allowed to have weapons with these genocidal capabilities?  The NRA's ability to flood the coffers of, and essentially restrain, our representatives negates even the most reasonable of conversations to limit the use of these types of weapons.  To gun owners: no one is trying to take away your bedazzled little pink 22 that you feel \"safer\" with toting in your purse.  And no, it's not a \"slippery slope\" - if we take away the massacring machines you will still be able to keep your lethal toy or your hunting rifle.  Can we at least have some reasonable discussions on this topic?  Oh wait, I forgot.  No, we can't.  Because between NRA money, cowardly politicians and a delusional populace, we will just keep having mass shootings of this nature, and more tragedy.  My deepest condolences to all the people affected by this terrible event.  ", "So sorry...hope this has somebody rethinking gun control laws.\n\nWas this weapon purchased legally? No info on this at this point.\n\nI am not anti gun, and own several rifles/shotguns, but would have no problem severely restricting ownership of automatic weapons for civilians...this maniac is probably .001% of people owning these weapons, but this is a huge death toll, and if this could have been prevented in just this one huge situation, It would have been worth it.", "No need to say Welcome to the new America - we've been living in this semi-permanent state of shock and sickness for some decades now.  God help us.\nAnd God help the \"good guy with a gun\" who believes that a gun is the great equalizer - and I don't mean law enforcement.  To you I say, go to your gun safe, get down on your knees and say All Hail the NRA, the 2nd Amendment and the state of fear I perpetually live in.", "There are 2 possible motives:\n-the one ISIS claimed, that the gunman acted as a Muslim terrorist, and\n-this man hated superloud music that nowadays the new generation organizes in residential areas or near hotels without the slightest respect for  others. Like him, I get desparate because there is nothing you can do. Concertgoers have their fun and then go home to rest, but people who live there have to cope with severe noise day and night, for 3 days in this case, which means 3 nights without sleep.\nThis is not to applaud the gunman, but to make people start to understand, as we understood until half a century ago, that you should respect others. Why must there be loudspeakers on a concert? Eliminate them and only the concertgoers will hear it.", "My daughter s hight scool friend is wounded , her mother is in critical  condition my wife is a Doctor at sunrise hospital  more are dying as I write this.  So   What now NRA  how to wiggle out of taking responsibility for this!!!!", "No guns - nobody dead. When will this country wake up to the terrible destruction weapons cause??  Why do we allow lunatics the opportunity to obtain machine guns and the like??", "Something fishy about this whole thing. The gunman's brother said he had guns and but not an automatic weapon like this. Plus, he didn't ever express any weird behavior before. What proof is there that this guy really did it? He was found dead in the room with the gun. That's it. Who's to say this is not a cover up and another political game play by the elites. They want our guns and they hate Trump. I don't trust anything anymore. I'm not an idiot that is going to swallow everything the news/police say. Prove it.", "People are allowed to get weapons that allow one man to turn a place into a war zone.  An assailant can go virtually anywhere and open fire on the public.", "Can any of you even begin the imagine the carnage in Las Vegas if the domestic terrorist had used silencer equipped weapons? I shudder at the thought.", "In that crowd of 22,000 how many were carrying guns?  How many armed police were in the concert area?  One mentally ill man with at least 10 rifles created this horrible carnage. All the guns in America didn\u2019t  stop this man soon enough. Mental health is the issue, the gun was just his vehicle. I am so sad for the victims, I can\u2019t cry anymore. ", "Don't tell me:\n\n\"The massacrist's arsenal didn't kill 58 and wound hundreds. The massacrist did.\"\n\nBy the way, where was America's well regulated militia? Aren't they supposed to prevent massacres?", "Hmm...I just don't understand why decent, honest, wholesome, hard-working, helpful, well-meaning, selfless, middle-aged men of heavenly values would mass murder innocent people!", "What will it take to approach gun control in a rational manner? No one needs military grade weapons except the military. No one needs automatics; no one needs magazines holding 50-100 cartridges or military grade ammunition. Addressing just these issues could begin to reduce some of the carnage. Aside from that we need to re-visit security checks that reveal individuals with mental health issues. By the way, how many more would have died if the shooter had silencer-equipped weapons?", "How do we start and sustain - a conversation on our hostage status as a nation. We have been held captive by a paranoid minority with extreme delusions over the need to resist an imaginary threat from their own government.\n\nIt's pretty simple really: no military-style assault weapons permitted outside of the military or law enforcement. ", "I can't anymore. I'm fighting so hard against internal cynicism - I want to still believe in the Dream. I want to believe in progress. In people. In the American people. \n\nBut today, I just can't.", "Congress is not for sale.  It's already bought and paid for. ", "\"A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.\" We have well regulated militias. They are called the police and the National Guard. What we also have, thanks to the Big Gun Lobby, spearheaded by the NRA, is unregulated militia, which is the opposite of what the 2nd Amendment represents.", "The myopic complaints about the phrase \"warmest condolences\" are making me a little sick.  The issue here is not vocabulary.  It's the fact that\n -- yet again -- condolences are needed for a reason like this.\n\nForest/trees, people.", "Once again, conservatives will come out with talking points about how this would\u2019ve ended with fewer killed/wounded if only everyone had been armed, never mind that the situation would\u2019ve turned into an even more chaotic melee with people shooting from dozens of different angles. Enough!\n\nThat the House is set to vote on a bill that would deregulate silencers, which would make it easier than ever to commit a mass shooting, does not bode well for the rational, thoughtful conversation about gun control that we really need to have.", "So glad for the quick, warm response from Trump to the victims and their families.  It's good, i suppose, they were all white.  \n\nMy condolences to all that were involved in this tragedy.", "24 hours ago S. Paddock was still a \"law abiding citizen\" exercising his 2nd Amendment rights.  \n\nHow many more of these \"law abiding citizens\" are there? ", "This is a time of reckoning for all of the shooter\u2019s family, friends and associates who might have decided to not see what they were seeing as he prepared. ", "It's evident, Mr. Trump, that an act of pure evil can be perpetrated by any individual, without distinction of race, color, religion, ethnicity, gender or social status. The world needs examples of love and encouragement to unity, not walls and lies. ", "You know what I think I'm going to do? Phone my Republican congressman, who  sits in a district Obama won handily in 2008, but that Trump won handily in 2016, and suggest that the GOP actually get serious about mental health care. Maybe even health care in general. And not just repealing Obamacare, but actually replacing it with something \"much, much better\". I will then suggest to him that he is actually vulnerable in 2018.\n\nOne part of this will probably involve putting a long hold on mental health patients' ability to obtain firearms. I, for instance, am a garden-variety depression case. I am at no risk of harming anyone besides myself, but still I shouldn't own a gun because that's the most effective way to kill yourself in the heat of the moment, with a success rate well north of 90% and the survivors left permanently crippled with brain damage. \n\nThis happens all the time in rural America where I grew up and where he represents; guns, opioids, alcohol, mental illness, and poverty combine in a toxic stew that leaves lots of people dead, mostly from the first three combined with at least one of the last two. That's why non-college-educated white life expectancies are declining at a time when all other demographic groups are still gaining slowly despite our perverse medical system. And that's also why they've been getting REALLY angry, and perfectly willing to vote first for a black man who promises change in 2008 and then a known con artist in 2016.", "It is remarkable how different the discourse is depending on the race, religion, and ethnic identity of the shooter. When the shooter is Muslim or some racial minority, the dialogue is \"we got to keep those people out\" or \"black people are naturally more violent.\" When the shooter is a white man, the talk is \"isn't mental illness awful?\" Is there any evidence at this point that Stephen Paddock had a diagnosable mental illness, and his actions were the result of said illness? Why is it, when the shooter is anything but a (nominally) Christian white man, the discourse never considers mental illness as having played a role?", "Other well-written comments have covered many of my concerns.  However, I would like to add two observations:  1) Why didn't Jason Aldean simply say \"RUN\" to his fans instead of just running in panic to save himself?; 2) Will the NRA respond as they did following Sandy Hook, and tell us that we just simply need more guns to prevent massacres like the Mandalay Bay massacre?  ", "We are told endlessly \"Guns do not kill people......bad people with guns kill people.\" A bad person with a pistol can kill a few people. Now we know a bad person with assault weapons can kill 50+ people from a perch 100's of yards away. The NRA response is predictable: If concert goers had their assault weapons, they could have returned fire at the window in the hotel. Outrageous!", "Unbelievable.\n\nIf a foreign entity did this, we'd go straight to war.  Too bad we don't have the same will to take on lobbyists.  \n\nTo paraphrase Chris Rock, \"I shouldn't have to die cause you're feeling sad.\" ", "The Trumps' gun regulation moves have been AWAY from gun control and toward what causes these horrific mass murders: allowing mentally ill and domestic violence predators to buy guns more quickly and lobbying for easier access to gun silencers (a gun silencer in Las Vegas would have meant hundreds would have died!) The House is going to vote on gun silencer legislation THIS WEEK - calling it the Hearing Protection Act. If the Trumps' Bill had passed already, hundreds more would have died before people knew to hide and the shooter was located!\n\nCongress - find another industry besides the gun industry to get bribed and threatened by and stop killing our people!\n\nPlease PROTEST THE HEARING PROTECTION ACT!!", "So where was that mythical \"good guy with a gun\" that the NRA posited would counteract the \"bad guy with the gun?\"   Due to easy access to military style weapons in our country and situations like this where any angry shooter can vent his rage on masses of innocents and find enough cover for enough time to kill as many as he would like to before he is stopped by law enforcement or kills himself, any good guy with a gun will always show up way too late and after the massacre has already happened.\nThis is America's new reality and it will get worse.", "The Las Vegas gunman enjoyed high-stakes gambling so he must have enjoyed losing because the house always has the odds. It's a business. How much can a retired man afford to lose before he breaks down?  One more reason to close down these mafia-related businesses.", "Trump calls this an act of \"pure evil\" and calls for \"unity\".  With due respect to our president, I say that \"evil\" is a useless term.  It tells us nothing about what we should DO.  The president says \"We pray for the day when evil is banished. . .\"  Great idea -- who is supposed to do the banishing, and how?  \n\n  As for \"unity\". . .  a supposedly soothing word -- but out of place, unless linked with a call for particular action.  \"Let us be united in banning all handguns. . . \" or \"Let us be united in allowing anyone to carry a concealed weapon anywhere. . .\"  A proposal you can sink your teeth into.  Otherwise, a call for \"unity\" is vacuous.", "When the \"leader\" of the most powerful country in the free world spews hater rhetoric, condones and approves of hater groups, when he willfully tweets insults and constantly disrespects anyone and everyone, the gloves come off of all nutcases.. and acts of domestic terrorism follow. This is Trump. ", "Do we even realize how fast our quality of life is decaying?  For those who say don't politicize it, it is political because of failure of our elected and appointed leadership to take action.  Instead, they continue to take actions that undo common sense regulations or fail to take action on true domestic threats, while so called leadership taunts our own citizens with divisive language and amps up a delicate international situation.  Our 'team' does not seem to be operating on the same page.   Have you seriously looked at the collective numbers of lost lives due to guns in The United States of America?\n\nPlease, please, please start by taking some long overdo action on gun control!", "There is nothing \"well regulated\" about this.  No one should be allowed to own this firepower. No one should vote for anyone who won't vote to better regulate guns. ", "It is never too early to talk about gun control. In fact, if we wait till the shock subsides, we will be back to square one again selling or sorts of killing machines to anybody able to pay. America has a short memory when it comes to guns thanks to the NRA and their political supporters. I would like to emphasize that the second amendment does not give us the right to kill each other.", "How does somebody get 10 guns (and subsequent ammo) of this caliber into a hotel room? I imagine he had a lot of luggage, of irregular size and shape, and likely needed to make multiple trips to and from his car to bring it all in...didn't anybody notice this? Front desk, receptionist, bellhop, housekeeping staff, security, manager--nobody noticed this and thought it might be a little weird?\n\nMy understanding is that hotel management has every right to have a look at what's going on in a customer's room, if there are concerns about suspicious activity. Or at least contact law enforcement and have them do it.\n\nFor all the \"noticing\" of people we do these days, using phone cameras to video and take photos of everyone and every thing, it seems we're failing to notice behavior that needs (and demands) our attention. ", "Can we finally implement Chris Rock's proposal? \"All bullets should cost $5000.\"  Seriously: I don't know how we ever get all those assault weapons off the streets anytime soon. But there's no reason anyone outside of law enforcement should be able to easily acquire that much ammo.  You can't buy as many Sudafed as that guy had bullets. ", "TWO broken windows clearly visible at the hotel.  58 dead, 500  wounded. Must have been &gt; 1,000 rounds fired.  Doppler sound effect clear on videos as rounds traversed field of fire.  Range was   / - 400 yards.  And the official account is that ONE shooter did this alone?  There would seem to be more to this than meets the eye.  Forgive me my skepticism, but what we see and what we\u2019re told don\u2019t jibe.", "A horrific even made possible by the easily accessible automatic rifle.  While my thoughts are with the families and friends of the attendees murdered and injured, this was also a traumatic experience for the survivors.\nAnd then I read that President Trump will be visiting Las Vegas.  Go ahead, add insult to injury.\nAnd now is not the time to talk about gun control.  And soon, this could turn into \"fake news\" according to Alex Jones.\nQuite a world in which to live, eh?  Greatest country in the world.", "...but still no gun control needed. Having an arsenal of 10 machine guns is perfectly fine. Whats next? A guy with stinger rockets shooting from an hotel room for several hundreds casualties?", "Let's not overlook the legislation currently on the table with regards to silencers:  http://www.cnn.com/2017/09/13/politics/gun-silencer-bill-house-floor/ind...", "There will be the usual talk of gun control and the prohibition of the sale of semi-automatic rifles. The net result will be an increase in the sale of guns and blaming the mental state of the shooter instead of the gun he used. Trump and the NRA and republican politicians will offer 'heartfelt' condolences but will 'stick to their guns', and their grotesque interpretation of the 2nd amendment and it will be continued murder and mayhem as usual. ", "For those of you unfamiliar with PTSD, it's very similar (to me) to that lovely & jarring feeling after narrowly avoiding a major car accident. Except, of course, it tends to linger much longer.\n\nThis was my feeling in the shower this morning as I woke up to the news from Las Vegas. And on the car ride to work. And as I wait for the next meeting to start...\n\nYou see, gun violence doesn't need to happen to me or anyone I know for it to hit home like a ton of bricks. It's an immediate reminder, deep like the scent of your grandmother's home... visceral and unyielding.\n\nOf course, I am practiced with dealing with this, and I push the irrational fear down quickly. But it is sitting here with me right now, and will not allow me to ignore it for too long.\n\nThis is the gift of gun violence to those of us who have had to face it. It builds a fierce need to make this all just stop. For us to somehow put this behind us... to prevent countless others from joining this club.\n\nAnd yet, I am reminded that 'guns are not to blame\" or that \"gun control is pointless\" or... and the acceptance of inaction becomes part of the normal response. That the wish for adult approaches to preventing tragedies is just a wish to grand to be real.\n\nAnd then I move on, and fill my head with the daily grind... and waiter the next headline to crash in to my life.", "We await spin from the well-regulated militia.", "What part of \"well regulated\" does Congress not understand? ", "Here's a question everyone needs to ask themselves and answer: Are you ok with 58 dead bodies (and the innumerable thousands that came before) being the price we must pay to uphold an old, out of touch, second amendment? God help those who can honestly say \"yes\". ", "When Democrats admit that gun control is only a small part of the solution they will find much more receptive ears on the other side.\n\nAs a conservative I l believe in gun control. Certainly for assault weapons. Why not make it somewhat more inconvenient for criminals and desperate people? \n\nOn the other hand, after watching the truck terror in France, I know this will not do much to address a motivated terrorist. After seeing the murder rate in Chicago, and how easily gangs work around legal restrictions in ALL their activities, I know this will not do much for that problem, After seeing the Heroin (illegal substance) epidemic in white America I know this will not really do much to fight that because gun control doesn't address the underlying problems.\n\nStill, we should place every barrier we can - the cost to liberty is small - while knowing that a massive country like the USA will not be able to achieve the control over illegal substances- like guns - like other much smaller countries.\n\nIt is the myopic nature of the Democrats approach, immediately casting all the problems of violence in terms of a -at best- marginal  solution,  that leads Republicans to believe that it is more an effort to mask underlying difficult conversations about gang violence (lead cause of non suicide gun violence by FAR) than anything else. Way more people were killed in Chicago in last few months than this and Dems didn't make a peep because that will lead to a difficult none PC conversation. ", "Prayers for the souls caught in this unfortunate incident.\n\nA 64-year-old man living in a retirement community, with no apparent military training.  10 rifles, platforms, ammo.  Spraying a hail of fire on a concert 400 yards away.  All alone.  Kills himself after the shooting.  For some reason, it is not adding up at the moment.  So hold on before taking the 2nd amendment, NRA, Gun Control, everything to a trial.  Also, let us not just assume a mentally sick person - it needs a lot more planning, preparation, and visible signs before someone can pull such things off - this is mental acuity and not sickness if anything.", "The governor of Nevada stated in his speech that we must pray for the victims and learn from what happened here.  Well, considering all the mass shootings that have happened in America, it would seem prayers don't help and America NEVER learns from tragedies like this.", "We should all be carrying high-powered sniper rifles, with high-powered scopes, and have a spotter with a pair of binoculars with us at all times. After all, all it takes to stop a bad person with ten rifles shooting from the 32nd floor of a hotel is one good person with a gun.\n\nOr maybe, I don't know, pass stricter gun laws--but that would make too much sense.", "NPR news, All radio News NONE talk about how to stop the Gun industry! NONE! Now, a question: Does the Second Amendment clearly and specifically said that having guns is a right to massacre children in a school,  music concert, on the street, on movie theaters etc., etc.? If we want to keep democracy, please erased the ludicrous claim that having guns is related to the Constitution! Of course with  characters such as Alito, Thomas and now \"el\" Gorsuch the gun lobby has no worries. Conclusion: thanks to the Second amendment children and adults can  be massacred. We, the citizens, all of us are victims as well as responsible that these massacres keep coming everyday! Last question: Has been #45 have the support and backing of the NRA? No, no need to answer it, I know, we all know the answer.", "If more people in the concert had guns, they would have taken the shooter out. We had some really good shooters there. On both sides.\nWhen will this madness stop? We call ourselves a civilized nation?! Shame on the NRA, our elected leaders and politicians that can't rid our nation of gun related violence.\nDeepest condolences to all the families whose loved ones are wounded or no longer with us. Praying for sanity, peace and solutions.", "This is terror.\nAnd every politician who is lax on gun control is complicit with these cold blooded murders and domestic terrorists.\nEnough with \"thoughts and prayers\".  ", "Shortly after the children in CT were shot a sick individual in China went into a school with a knife and assaulted some of the children there. I think the number of victims was around 19 or 20. The most important thing was that NO ONE died. In one of the more recent attacks in Eur there was a similar result because the assailant was armed with a knife rather than a gun. Sec amendment people are right people do kill people. Guns make it far too easy to kill a lot of people very quickly. That's what they're designed to do. They'll argue that despite restrictive laws 'bad guys' are still going to get the guns. If the terrorist assailants in Eur could have gotten guns they would have. Somehow other countries with gun laws are able to effectively keep guns out of criminals hands. Why is it that we cannot? Are we willing to admit that wimpy Eur is better at something than we are?\nThe next time you're in a discussion with a \"second amendment/gun supporter\" ask them what the first 4 words of that amendment are. Prepare for a blank, ignorant look. Tell them it isn't \"Everyone get's a gun\".  No it's \"A well REGULATED MILITIA'. Notice the 3rd word. Interesting.\nFor an interesting read on the laws origins see https://www.alternet.org/civil-liberties/thom-hartmann-second-amendment-...\nTurns out Patrick Henry (mr give me liberty or death guy) was VA's largest owner of slaves. His interest was maintaining slavery with guns.\nGod bless America. We need really it.", "It was pointed out to me that one of the first bills signed by Trump was to make sure the mentally ill would be allowed to buy guns. We also have republicans in Congress along with Trump\u2019s son trying to push legislation that allows people to buy guns with silencers...instead of 50+ dead and 600 injured Stephen Paddock could have killed thousands and not even been caught !  Our country is becoming more and more lost and those in Congress who are continually enabling this carnage need to face these victim\u2019s families and do better in protecting us from the millions of guns permeating this country. My heart goes out to all those families impacted by this horrifying tragedy. ", "I'm sure the powers investigating this are already pursuing the possibility, but perhaps the body they found was the patsy and the person that did it escaped somehow?  \n\nPerhaps, do the deed, shoot the guy, and slink away into the room across the hall and wait for an evacuation...", "I'm worried about the motivations of this suspect.  How it might spill out and affect the national conversation.  \n\nWhat's ironic is that while liberals and NYT readers blame Republicans and conservatives for many of America's gun woes, I hesitate to say whether this attack was committed on conservative, country music loving, likely Trump supporters.  Similar to the attacks on Republican congressmen at a baseball game, committed by the left wing, I wonder if this will drive the extremes of both sides into further violence against one another.  \n\nCharlottesville, then this.  All stirred up by mainstream media bathing itself in conflict and view counts/ratings.  In reality, day to day, it's not that bad but the media has replaced people's reality. ", "Sad, the sheer number of comments referring to what the President said, instead of focusing on what's happened. I'm glad I do t have kids to raise in such times.", "This terrible inconvenient, undeniable truth is by now obvious:  Humanity is incapable of organizing or living in safe, civilized societies in which wide-spread public ownership of deadly firearms is legal and part of communal reality.  It doesn't matter that most owners of lethal guns are responsible because our human species as a whole is genetically, historically, and psychologically is so flawed that the urge for some people with guns to shoot and kill is uncontrollable and results in the scores of needless deaths that plague our country each day.  The race as a whole just can't manage the murderous power of guns in its communities where so many can wield it.  If you believe in the right of populace to own guns and you believe in reality, than you inevitably support the reign of random gun terror that defines our nation--unless you need to lie about it and deny the time-proven truth.", "When will we ever learn?", "This country has a serious, mortal problem with guns.\n\nI sincerely hope the Country Music Awards in November will address this event head-on and artists will speak out forcefully against glorification of guns, the NRA, and gun fetishists and hoarders. Country musicians have the ears and respect of many of this nation's gun owners. They could start a revolution from within.", "I know nothing about the killer or his motives. Obviously, he was a very disturbed man. What I consider unconscionable is the lobbying, the endorsing, and voting for legislation that makes for purchasing and owning assault weapons legal. \n\nMy fear, is that until real gun reform is enacted, another city will have to deal with the aftermath of another senseless, brutal attack. And once again, after many tears and raised fists, nothing will change.", "Wayne LaPierre, here.  Lost in the horror of the reaction to this latest mass murder by assault weapon is the fact that the shooter undoubtedly suffered significant hearing loss during ten minutes of non-stop meyham \u2014 all because congress has failed to act expeditiously on legislation to allow mass murderers easier access to silencers.  Doubtless there will be those who would politicize this tragedy to suggest that a nation of patriots should not have access to the kind of firepower needed to suppress a whole classroom of angry third graders, let alone an entire crowd of hopped up country western fans.  We at the NRA, however, are confident that that, at least, is one discussion any sensible legislative body owned by us will never have.  What concerns us more is that the liberals will use this event to kill \u2014 and yes, I use that word advisedly \u2014 sensible safety regulations, like the gun silencer bill.  Had the shooter in this instance not been suffering from hearing loss he might have heard all those people shouting \"STOP,\" and this senseless tragedy could have been averted.", "This guy was just exercising his Second Amendment rights, as interpreted by SCOTUS.  The right to speak with a gun.  And, per Congress, with an assault weapon.", "This is the cost of a liberal gun culture.  It is a price that most Americans seem willing to pay.", "I wonder how many of those wounded would have lost their health insurance under Trump's plan to end Obamacare? Warm condolences don't cut it.", "Of course banning semi-auto and full-auto firearms would prevent situations like this indefinitely. We should sacrifice the rights the entire nation to hopefully make it \"safer.\" If fully-automatic firearms were illegal, everybody would be perfectly safe. Thank God drugs like methamphetamine, opiates, and PCP are illegal. Because making things illegal always works, right? Oops.", "I am waiting for Trump to condemn the concert participants that came to the  event without  guns and bullets could not fly the other way. The second amendment at its best.", "Yes, a terrible tragedy. But to the multitude of commenters crying for stricter gun control, I have to ask, \"What exactly do you propose?\" Let's say you somehow force a total ban on all gun purchases: handguns, shotguns, rifles, everything from muskets to machine guns. I would personally love to see that. But what about the many millions of guns already out there? Maybe some people could be persuaded to give them up, but not enough to make a difference. So what's the answer? I am afraid that on gun control, the horse has long ago left the barn.", "Had enough guns yet? Don't get your hopes up. There is too much money at stake for our leaders to take the steps to protect us.", "Of course, we\u2019ll read about the \u201chopes and prayers\u201d that our supposed leaders extend to the families of the victims.  Tens of thousands of folks ran for their lives, hoping and praying that they would not die last night.  It did not work.  \u201cHopes and prayers\u201d on the part of our leaders simply means that they have washed their hands of this and are ready to move on, having done nothing to prevent the next slaughter.\nThe time to stop that nonsense is now.  It is well past the time when we look straight into the face of those fighting any form of gun control and frankly say this, \u201cYou are responsible for this.  It is on you!\u201d\nSadly, when there is current legislation, being driven by the Republicans, that increases silencer use and allows transit of guns from states where they are legal into states with tighter restriction, I see no end in sight.", "Ban automatic weapons and deadly ammunition?\n\nFor some people it would be like taking away their freedom of speech and expression.", "Look, I'm a gun owner but I find the current rules and regulations pretty abhorrent. It's time to give in to the NRA: gun owners should have unlimited access to black powder flint lock muzzle loaders - just as our founding fathers intended. That way we give gun owners their unlimited guns - that are 200 years old and take minutes to load and fire. One. Round. At. A. Time. \n\nThen we can start to regulate and limit the number of high capacity, high velocity, rapid fire weapons that do this sort of carnage. Seriously. We can't own grenades, rocket launchers or flame throwers for obvious reasons - because they're weapons of mass destruction. Let's just start calling AR's and AK's what they are. ", "I used to have hope that with each of these horrible attacks, the anti-gun control crowd would dwindle to the point where real action could be taken. How high does the body count have to go? ", "This is an act of domestic terrorism, however deranged the shooter was.  If the government can spend billions in the Middle East to fight against foreign terrorism perhaps they will be shamed to spend some money to prevent domestic gun violence.  ", "The Tweeter-in-Chief piously proclaimed that \u201cWe pray for the day when evil is banished, and the innocent are safe from hatred and from fear,\u201d and went on to preach about \"a single ray of hope\" that can counteract despair.\n\nComing from someone who once talked about a \"2nd Amendment solution,\" this is rich indeed, considering that  few other politicians in US history have contributed more to an atmosphere of hate and fear in this country than he has.  And I'm not holding my breath waiting for him or any other Republican to find the guts to say \"no\" to the NRA.", "I thought one good guy with a gun was supposed to prevent this. Where was he? At a gun show?", "Last evening I had been on the U.S. State Dept site looking at their travel advisories for an upcoming trip to Mexico. I also noticed they now have travel advisories for the entire continent of Europe. And then this, yet again, another senseless mass-murder shooting in this country. Do other countries have advisories on us? Why do we have such a huge blind spot? When men like this have arsenals like that, is it just too late for us?", "So . . . will we Nevadans be subject to a travel ban?", "We need desperately to know what motivated this killer and what his life story is to learn how to prevent this from reoccurring. Please report exhaustively. You know as I do that people forget within days. Let them be constantly reminded to counter the forces of rage and anger in America now present.", "Instead of being fearful of a future in which we are \u201cat the mercy of the police and military\u201d, we need to be afraid now of what is essentially NRA-backed domestic terrorism.  Our right to safety and our children\u2019s right to live free from the fear of being shot by domestic terrorists has now become more important than anyone\u2019s 2nd Amendment rights. ", "Our illustrious Commander-in- Chief, in his clearly-scripted, \"God-centered\"\nspeech this morning, makes no mention of assault weapons or of the increasing trend of mass shootings in the U.S.  And this is homegrown terrorism, not \"Islamic\" terrorism.  How many more of these horrific situations are we to see in the coming days, months - and four years of this presidency?  You can bet it will be mind-numbing.  Calls for gun control will continue to go unheeded with the current Trump Administration and Congress.  2020 can't come soon enough to dump them all.  In the meantime, there will be a trail of tears from mass shootings beyond our imaginations.   ", "God bless all of the families of the deceased and those wounded and their families.  This horrific tragedy was unnecessary, completely unnecessary.\n\nEurope is terrorized by ISIS, the U.S. by its own citizens with firearms they should be prohibited from owning.", "Right now all the NRA-supported congressmen are talking about damage-control to protect their own political skins. They're not talking about controlling/preventing the future damage that can be caused by the weapon of mass destruction used in this massacre. That's the problem. Wrong conversation about what's really important !", "I do think the President should choose his words more carefully at his rallies, and other venues. Inciting people to punch, kick, and bully others can lead to secondary violence later on, much worse than anyone could imagine. Am I blaming Trump? Yes, to a degree. His bellicose rhetoric is taken way too seriously by some.", "If only the concert-goers had had automatic weapons too, could they not have prevented, or at least lessened, the massacre?", "Congress is considering Silencers to protect hunters' ears. We should all write to congress our thoughts.", "This is starting to make me scared of going to public places now. I'm not really outgoing but I do like to go out sometimes without getting killed. I suppose I can die in a car accident too but going to somewhere for fun and getting hurt would traumatize many people. Guns are the easiest weapons to kill dozens of people without much skill if people are concentrated in a crowded area. So maybe I should just avoid crowded events without metal detectors. Of course there are smart and creative criminals that can make bombs or drive cars through the crowds too. We can either ban weapons of mass destruction or ban homicidal people from going to public places freely. Which is easier to enforce now? ", "We're not 100 percent safe anywhere any more, as long as millions of guns are out there floating around or at peoples' quick disposal as in their own personal armory. And some how this is OK? What kind of country allows this to happen over and over and over and over. I am depressed and embarrassed today over this latest travesty and that we allow it to continue. It's not a matter of if but when we kill ourselves. ", "Who else wants to see healthcare bills racked up by the victims?  Who else wants to see how many might have been alive if the killer had his psyc problems diagnosed and treated for free?", "We are no longer safe in America. None of us. Not even the gun owners are safe anymore but in the end it is the casual access to guns, the absence of mental health awareness, and a President who dangerously encourages these unhinged individuals that makes every American feel threatened.  The unfathomable fact that Americans are terrorists forces me to read the sad grisly news but increasingly, I find myself, a well educated, successful woman, seeking escape by looking at pictures of cute puppies on the Internet. ", "We the sane don't want \"thoughts and pr'ers\", and we are tired of \"unity\" with a party well-paid to turn away from the cause of terrorist shootings, \"radical Islamic\" and otherwise.\n\nWe expect action.  Get the guns out of evil and mentally ill hands, and of all hands if necessary.  The Second Amendment needs re-amendment, or repeal.\n\nWe will vote for those who do, and vote out those who won't.  We will remember 2017-10-02, and 2018-11-06.  War lobbyists be warned.", "Another mass shooting in spite of all the prayers.  Who were those prayers for?  The people who lost their lives?  Didn't help them.  The people whose loved ones died?  Did the prayers limit their suffering?  That it would not happen again?  Apparently no impact there.  Pray, and spend your money on teddy bears and balloons and flowers if it makes YOU feel better, but then do something that may make a difference:  donate to gun control causes, and call or write your congress-people to demand that they design and pass legislation to limit this madness.", "What's more important America, the Right to unlimited firepower, or the Right to be able to just walk outdoors? ", "Whatever President Trump might say, the Las Vegas shooting was not \"an act of pure evil.\" It was an act of pure madness. Pure evil is the political culture and its enablers in government that gin up rage and perpetuate legislative lunacy abetting the massive lethality that now hallmarks our country.", "Why are automatic weapons so easily available to any psychopath who has the urge to murder as many innocent people as he can? How are the NRA and the wimps in Congress and state legislatures capable of living with themselves after they see innocents gunned down with military weapons? This is not what the Second Amendment was meant to support. The second amendment to the constitution does not support wanton murder. Automatic weapons have no legitimate purpose outside of a military situation (under the direction of a \"well-regulated militia\"). The Constitution has been corrupted by the NRA and the Congressmen who support the wanton sale of military weapons to anyone who has the money to buy them.", "President Trump is asking for the nation to come together and find \"unity and peace\" in this moment of darkness? Are you kidding me? You can start by stepping down, Mr. President, given the divisiveness you've brought to public discourse in this country over the past few years.\n\nWhat an atrocious president....", "One \"crazed lunatic\" (Las Vegas mayor Carolyn Goodman's words that are true but she forgot to add \"white terrorist\") so far murdered at least 58 people and injured hundreds more. He shot out of two windows from a suite or connecting rooms. He had at least 10 rifles and much ammunition. He checked into the hotel last Thursday. How did he bring up the guns to his hotel room(s)? How did he keep them hidden in the room(s)? He allegedly was not on any watch lists (despite all the weaponry he had amassed). In other words, he had the (white male) privilege not to be surveilled. The question to ask today is not why this mass murder occurred in America. The question to ask is how it was even possible. We will have to reckon with the answers as a country.", "Scores of healthy, handsome, smiling young people -- the future of a nation -- massacred by a couple of American terrorists.  And in the most coward  fashion, from hundreds of feet away, with precision automatic weapons. It's a black day not only for the USA. It comes to my mind Arthur Miller's line: \"All my Sons\".", "Who among us still thinks that allowing access to these weapons is a good idea?!", "When our country's top export are weapons and armed conflict, it shouldn't surprised us when some day they come back to bite us. It is sad to see innocent people being killed all over the world by these acts of terror.", "I can hear it now all day.  NRA and gun loving people complain, \"Liberals complain about gun control and if guns are banned, only the crazies will have guns and we cannot protect ourselves.  It's written in the Constitution and we have the right to bear arms.  We have the right to protect our family\".\nMy 2 cents is that what is the probability and the frequency that you and your family will be attacked in your lifetime(excuse to buy weapons)?  There are many countries which guns are illegal for their citizens.  How do these people protect themselves?  I am not trying to be anti-gun, but at least automatic weapons should be banned.  It is so easy to murder at a high rate like this.\nLive by the sword, die by the sword.", "We have become numb to these mass shootings.  If we did nothing after the death of those innocents at Sandy Hook, what hope is there that we will do anything now?  No, it is not Isis we should fear as much as the power of the NRA.", "I'm watching the lamestream media talking heads searching for the reason that the guy did this.\n\nMaybe this time, it may become obvious that the reason is \"because he could\".\n\nAnd a society that tolerates the type of gun laws that we have are the enablers.", "Can we please have a serious conversation about gun violence in this country.  I'm so tired of the guns don't kill people, bad people with a gun kill people mentality of this country.  We have a problem with angry white men using guns to commit these types of attacks.  I personally hold the NRA and Congress accountable for the fact that I no longer feel safe going anywhere in public.\n\nFrankly I'm surprised that the rest of the world hasn't issued travel warnings for our country.  This is something that can be solved but it's going to take courage from the cowards who call themselves our representatives.  They have a safe zone in DC that keeps them protected but the rest of us don't have the same luxury.  Seriously, what will it take for Congress to act.", "North American indifference on the need for gun control is directly proportional to our indifference to everyday concussions on the football field.", "For gods sake people! How many times does this have to happen before we learn that the free access of guns in our society allow these things to happen? People who own guns are infringing on my unalienable right of life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. I can't go to the movie theatre any more without wondering whether someone is going to pull out a gun and start shooting, and worry all the time about something like this happening to one of my kids. I know the right is going to argue that the solution to this problem is more guns, but I'm so sick of the lies! The problem is that there are too many guns, and too many people who are so obsessed with having guns that they feel this is an acceptable cost to pay for having free access to guns-until this happens to them, or one of their family members. It's true: we live in a sick society!", "Complain all you want.  The current climate only makes me want even more to arm and protect myself.  Does anyone seriously believe that criminals will dutifully turn in their guns just because of a change in the law??  Look at Chicago, many of those caught with guns are already convicted felons - the law might as well be written in crayon.  Face it - we're at least a hundred years too late for gun control, and all the hand-wringing in the world isn't going to change that.  It's every man for himself, snowflake.", "It is time to ban civilian ownership of automatic weapons.  These are only intended for one thing... mass killing of people.  This is not what our forefathers had in mind when enshrining the right to bear arms in our constitution.", "Limits on assault weapons, meant for military purposes, with no valid use whatsoever to civilians?  \n\nNah, that'd limit the gunman's 1st and 2nd Amendment rights.\n\nThe right of the rest of to LIFE, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness is apparently irrelevant!", "How was the \"companion\" cleared so quickly?  Just because she wasn't in the room with him firing guns does not mean she was completely unassociated with what happened.  Did she know what he planned to do? Did she help him plan this massacre? How are the police clear on this already?\n\nWhat is the basis for rejecting ISIS's claim of responsibility?  I have never heard authorities say ISIS was lying.  They certainly never make this statement when the shooters are Muslim.  What makes this guy so special?  But then again the Las Vegas police department is the same outfit that arrested a man running with others in a casino as a person of interest in an \"active shooter\" incident.  I guess only certain people can run for their lives..", "No one should be able to purchase this type of weapon.  We need gun control!!  There, in my opinion, should be a limit on how much ammunition you can buy and how many guns you can own.  In Los Angeles we have a limit on how many dogs you can own(three), why not on guns?", "Deadly hurricanes. \"This is not the time to talk about climate change.\" Paraphrasing Scott Pruitt. Mass deadly shootings that seem to happen all the time. Gun Lobbyist PR machine, here we go. The right to bear arms is a right to have as many semi-automatic weapons as I want. ", "When,oh when will there be enough deaths to warrant the banning of automatic weapons? ", "October 7 and 8, next big gun show in Las Vegas..get your tickets now, folks!\nI just cannot begin to understand this compulsion for not just a gun, but the biggest, baddest, most destructive weapon one can get their hands on.\n\nThoughts and prayers to all; and waiting to hear if personal friends who regularly take a fall trip to Vegas will be coming home.", "To all of the folks who are posting here in a politically slanted manner, why not look up what the blood bank lines are looking like in Vegas. Over 5 hour waiting time to donate.  No one blaming anyone, Republicans and Democrats, christians and non-Christians alike. Warming to see on this terrible day.  Maybe some of the posters here should take pause.", "This doesn't help the pro immigrants.\n\nThis says we got problems of our own, don't bring in any more.", "This man had no prior Federal, State or County criminal record.  He was completely unknown to authorities.  Yet, he was found dead after killing 58 and wounding about 500 others with 10 rifles and huge amount of ammunition.  Why can someone own a) an automatic weapon, b) a weapon that can be easily made automatic, c) thousands of rounds of ammunition.  Preparing for Armageddon is not an argument.  All the AK-47s, AR-15 and their equivalents with automatic firing capability need to be rounded up and melted down.  Ammunition available to anyone should not exceed a 100 rounds.  We need to do back ground checks for ALL gun purchases and LICENSING of all guns. Good god, we license cars whose function is much more benign than that of a weapon.  The gun lobby is already busy squeezing Senators and Representatives not to \"politicize\" this horror.  It is way beyond time TO POLITICIZE this.  We let shooter kill or maim Congressmen, Congresswomen, 6 year old kids, other kids at school, people at movies, concerts, dances.  Now is the time to slow this domestic terrorism", "I am sure it would be \"too soon\" to talk about sensible gun control.", "\u201cWarm condolences...\u201d We\u2019ll frame that one.", "Maybe the right and the left need to come together and acknowledge that there are TWO kinds of terrorism.\n\nCan they DO that?\n\n\"Most Muslims are peaceful\"\n\n\"So are most white men.\"\n\nCan we start by acknowledging these two truths, and acknowledging also that \n\n\"Not all Muslims are peaceful.\"\n\n\"Not all white men are peaceful.\"\n\nOnly then, when Americans cease dividing themselves into left and right, \"progressives\" and \"deplorables,\" that we can begin to address these problems.", "A question for those advocating for more guns as answer to gun violence: Assuming each concert goer has 10 guns with them, will this massacre be avoided? ", "Another tragic loss of life. When gun laws only became more lax after the Sandy Hook school shooting I lost hope in our country. ", "Just a good ol' boy who loved country music. And guns.", "Nothing will change, the NRA won't allow it.  The NRA is a manufacturers lobby, their mission is to sell more product.  It doesn't matter if that product is potato chips, toasters or vibrators, they just want to sell more of it, and we're unable to figure that out.", "Such sweet words from the Predictsident:\n\n\u201can act of pure evil,\u201d ordered flags flown at half-staff,\n\nJust another roll of the dice:\n... and said he would travel to Las Vegas on Wednesday. \n\nWOW - I thought these guys are unable to to the job:\n\u201cThe F.B.I. and the Department of Homeland Security are working closely with local authorities to assist in the investigation,\u201d\n\nStill no real facts on the table:\n\u201cThe speed with which they reacted was miraculous and prevented further loss of life.\u201d", "Trump calls for unity, proving once again that he can read.", "Your prayers and warm wishes are not enough. We have to fight for sane gun control! ", "I think Senator Carlin is acting in very poor taste politicizing this with people still in surgery. ", "Like most Americans I wanted to hear what the President had to say about this tragedy. John Roberts of CNN mentioned that this is a time for the President to be consoler and chief and not to bring up politics. But I must admit that what I was curious about was whether or not Trump heard that message for unity or would go off script and embarrass our country once again. He didn't and in fact he was very Presidential while reading the speech that was skillfully written for him. Also he didn't answer questions, which prevented inner Trump gaffs from rolling off his lips.\n\nMaybe, once the grief and analysis is over with, we can look at the facts, that America has become a dangerous place to live and most of it is coming from within.", "As a first generation immigrant I love that the USA believes in a robust expression of freedom. \n\nBut when is too much freedom, bad freedom?\n\nLet us not let our love for freedom turn into an indifference towards violence, with regards to both:  mass shootings and concussions on the football field.", "Here is what Republicans in Congress will do about this:\n\"Out of an abundance of caution, at the end of the day, mistakes were made. Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims, because children are our future.\"", "This is a unique opportunity for Trump to change the entire trajectory of his presidency. Ban assault weapons. Do it now.\n\nMost of his base will support and at the same time he will earn the cred as an independent to achieve some of his other legislative goals. As a conservative I support this and many others will as well. He will upset some of the extreme right. Makes no difference. They're not voting for Dems anytime soon. On the other hand, he will consolidate his hold on middle class blue collar Michigan etc types that will make the difference in next election and gain many independents as well. \n\nI think he has an incredible nose for knowing which way the wind blows. Wouldn't shock me at all.", "very sad - now we will all have to be afraid of going to concerts or las vegas for that matter. I think its time for local governments/states to start banning these harmful weapons within their jurisdictions. ", "Now one understands the relevance of the $30 million political donation that was made to the Trump campaign only after the NRA visited Moscow to meet with a Putin deputy who was under sanction by the US:\n\nhttp://www.thedailybeast.com/top-trump-ally-met-with-putins-deputy-in-mo...\n\nIt warrants consideration that the Second Amendment to the US Constitution granting the right to bear arms was written in an era when the state of the art in firearms was a musket rifle.\n\nWith such a firearm, one or two individuals might be killed or maimed before being controlled' with multiple automatic weapons, hundreds can be killed in seconds from an elevated, secured firing position.\n\nIt is time to consider what is rational to protect individuals' right to protect their homes, to hunt, and to practice at firing ranges.\n\nWe do not need to have automatic weapons in mass venues nor in cars to settle road rage disputes.", "Maybe all gun owners (I own 3) should be required to register with the Fed as part of \" well regulated militias\" as the 2nd Amendment states and be required to spend one day a month training on gun safety. Failure to do so would be loss of the right to possess firearms. Seems constitutional to me . Extreme , sure but so are the mass shootings of the past two decades.", "Once again violence against innocent people will have us demand Congress do something to prevent unstable people from owning guns.  But nothing will change.   Why?   There is too much money involved.  Generous donations from the NRA and their lettering system assigned to congressman that are against gun control will continue to insure support for the second amendment regardless of the death toll.  If the innocent children at Sandy Elementary School wasn't a wake up call, then nothing will change.  When the congressmen playing ball were shot at, no victim called for change to the gun laws.  They demanded police protection from the Capital police.  As the gun manufacturers continue to maximize their profits at the expense of law abiding citizens and Congress continues to take money from the gun lobby, we will have these horrific events continue.", "Wayne LaPierre is 67 years old. He has lived to reach the age of a senior citizen. We do not live in a fair and just world. End of story. ", "I'm guessing....gambling losses.    And rage at the Las Vegas establishment.  With a dedication to hurt casino owners as much as he could, before ending his own life.", "Hotels in other countries subject their guests and their guests' luggage to X-Ray scanning. Maybe we need that here. ", "And yet, gun company stocks will rise in price today, and in a few from now, Trump will return his attention to travel bans and building walls.", "This is the new norm. Survellience, heightened security will need to be taken into account with any high profile events going forward. An outdoor festival surrounded by high rise buildings, risky. Laws of tonnage are used as weapons on crowded sidewalks. A madman with a knife. A mentally ill person can buy fully automatic weaponry today at a gun store. Purchases online will only increase. The government cannot control the black market even with every piece of legislation that never makes it to the floor.  ", "The problem in America is that we treat social ills like we treat physiological diseases- it's all an allopathic exercise from the view that the UNI-verse is a \"mindless\" machine that can be controlled by \"ruling\" its infinite \"particulars\". However, the simple evidence of the social pathosis of violence is clear to see- even if the Cosmic Correlations are invisible to our easily deceived eyes. So these eruptions of violence are not mere aberrations, nor can they be addressed simply by gun control- especially without understanding the cognitive dissonance between pretending that our culture should be void of violence even while we celebrate violence as entertainment. Not to mention that we are a nation, via our ignorance and dissonant modalities, trapped in the pathological preoccupation of war- not understanding that ALL these mal-expressions of Energy from the standpoint of our terrestrial unification can and will continue to manifest themselves as long as we keep affirming violence as a way of life!\n\nTo echo statements from from the past- \"A threat of violence anywhere is a threat of violence everywhere\"! So as long as we have a culture that pretends that violence is an aberrant phenomena while limiting its causation simply to individual expressions- violence on this scale will not only continue but increase exponentially.", "It seems something horrible happens almost every day.  We happened to see it just before we went to bed last night -- I can only say I'm appalled, sad, and wonder why.", "At the beginning of the weekend we have Rep. Steve Scalise returning to the House after almost losing his life from a killer shooting at our governmental officials. At the end of the weekend we have this horrific mass shooting where close to 60 people have lost their lives 100s more are wounded at a music festival. Does anybody in Congress see a pattern here and is willing to do something about it?", "The Second Amendment of the United States Constitution reads: \"A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.\n\nThe second Amendment has become the cause of over a million deaths caused not by an external enemy, but by our own \"loyal\" citizens.\n\nDoes it make sense even to retain this Amendment? Repeal it.", "The second amendment  is in service to life liberty and pursuit of freedom and not meant  to hold it hostage. At the time of the second amendments writing there weren't state police, metropolitan police forces, or a network of first responders-- all of which act as an organized militia to keep society safe. Time's change. It's time to revise our understanding of the second amendment so that innocent American's who are pursuing  life liberty and pursuit of happiness, whether at a concert, movie, night club, or wherever are not killed by nut jobs with guns who are supported by others who think the right to all guns is sacrosanct.  ", "This is not a surprise. And people who do not vote for stricter gun control have no business lamenting this. Only in America does it happen all the time.", "The murder and mayhem in Las Vegas is, for better or worse, is the latest installment payment on the price that we, as a society, bear for the abuse of our Second Amendment rights.  There is no way around that simple truth.  It doesn't matter what the shooter's motives were.  We may never know that.  But we know what it will cost us.  Either we are willing to endure that cost or we are not.  Given all of the mass shootings we have endured and the lack of will to put an end to it, it is clear we are willing to abide by these incidents of mass murder.  Time to give our condolences and bury the dead.  Then move on because another such incident will undoubtedly happen in the not too distant future.\n\nSo . . . let's save the people of Puerto Rico.  At least the government can and should do something about their welfare.", "Just waiting any moment for the customary NRA and Republican press releases why we need more assault weapons in the hands of more Americans and fewer gun control restrictions.  And, of course, they believe America needs better mental health care access for their millions of current and future gun owners because mentally unstable Americans are entitled to their 2nd Amendment rights, too.  \n\nThe \"law and order\" President, who just this past February signed a measure into law rescinding an Obama-era rule aimed at blocking gun sales to certain mentally ill people, does not create much hope for a safer or kinder country.  Greatness seems out of reach at the moment for America.   ", "The carnage will be lamanted and remembered for a few weeks and then forgotten. Gun control gimmick should not be counted as  the only villain. Since Trump's uncontrolled Tweets, the dormant violence and hatred at humanity among some  passive shooters has been encouraged. If President is able talk and tweet some less abusive words we will feel less stressed and safe.", "We have to go all in. We have to repeal the second amendment.\nForget gun control. We first have to say guns are not a right, they are a privilege we grant at our discretion as a civil society. ", "Here's a question: How many hours before the unhinged wackos and demagogues---like the wacko Alex Jones and others---go online and claim \"What happened in Las Vegas was all a conspiracy, made up by our government to try and brainwash people into supporting more gun restrictions, same as the phony, staged killings in Orlando and Sandy Hook.\"\n\nI'd be willing to bet any amount of money that we will see the first of these mendacious, sick, stomach turning \"conspiracy\" claims within the next 48 hours. No, these vicious, deeply disturbed, pro-gun miscreants have zero shame, zero conscience and care nothing for the real human beings and their families who had to go through this awful nightmare. \n\nIt's time for the United States to adopt the laws that prevail in Japan, Australia and the United Kingdom regarding firearms.  ", "Time to put it as bluntly as possible: the gun lobby is abetting domestic terrorism. ", "Think about this:\n\nhttps://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-10-02/fake-news-fills-infor...", "If anyone is buying MORE GUNS its got to be the police departments in the blue states.  It would not be surprising to see CA change its laws so off duty cops could carry assault rifles in their cars.  Because.  Their safety matters.  But CA will not honor permits from other states.\n\nI am past the age where semi automatics have any interest for me.  The guns I own mostly hold six rounds maximum and take a good moment to reload.  But they are still very handy if criminals, crazies or \"antifa\" goons come around.", "I know where to point the finger: at 5 men who happen to sit on the Supreme Court and interpret our constitution in a way that enables mass murder, purchase of politicians, gerrymandering...", "I have already read in a few different news outlets that firearms and ammunition sales are spiking in the wake of this mass shooting. Can I even blame the NRA and the gun industry? After dozens of mass shootings, it seems Americans are simply tragically predictable in their willingness to keep running on this ridiculous hamster wheel. ", "No doubt on any other day the monster who did this would be considered a \"good guy with a gun\" as part of the fairy tales spread by the gun lobby. Gun stocks rose this morning as new of the shooting broke. People thinking stricter laws may come from this. HA! Nothing changed after Sandyhook. Nothing changed after Charleston. Nothing changed after a US senator was shot with others at point blank range. Nothing will change until  we have had enough bloodshed, but that appears to be far off. Thoughts and prayers aren't enough! ", "If guns don't kill people; people kill people, why don't we keep people away from guns?", "The only society that deserves unfetterred access to guns is a society that doesn't want unfetterred access to guns.", "Sick and sickening. I feel for the suffering of the dead and wounded and their families and friends. How must it feel to know that they went to Las Vegas for a weekend of fun and music and THIS is what they experienced.\n\nIt's stomach turning that we Americans allow ANYONE to get as many lethal weapons as possible and as much ammunition as possible---weapons designed for MASS MURDER---NOT for \"self-defense\" no matter what the gun industry, the NRA and your average unhinged gun nut claims. \n\nWe cannot put up with this much longer. It's time for REAL gun and ammo restrictions AND the right to SUE the people who make, distribute and sell these weapons of mass destruction. ", "And gun stocks are trading up today.  Profiting off of the dead and injured.  ", "If only someone in the crowd had been carrying their legally owned howitzer, bazooka, RPG or tactical nuclear weapon this tragedy could have been averted. ", "Please stop calling it \"evil.\" Call it what it is : terrorism. Our nation is suffering from ever worsening domestic terrorism and those in power continue to deny it. Because they serve the NRA not the American people. Please. Remove automatic and military caliber arms from the hands of ordinary citizens!", "My heart goes to all the victims and their families.\n\nYou can thank the NRA and the morally empty politicians.", "Vote, people. Vote for change. Vote the Right out. All the Mitches, Pauls, Donald wannabes (Roy Moore), etc. All those destroying the fabric of this country. It's time. It is on all of us to vote. ", "Spare a moment for thoughts about the victims please.  Many families lost loved ones and many many more people will live with horrible injuries for the rest of their lives.  Please support measures to increase gun control and please lay off the endless blame game of who is more of a terrorist, a white man, a muslim or a black man.  The victims don't care. ", "What can possibly be left to say?", "Gun violence is now as American as baseball and apple pie.", "Make America Great Again: Repeal the 2nd amendment.", "Sick of guns. Sick of people who own them. Sick of people who defend owning them. ", "Remember when all the liberals lined up to take responsibility for James Hodgkinson's politically motivated assassination attempt?  ", "I know one thing. The NRA is going to conveniently disappear from the media and the public for awhile.", "The reporters never mention - - except in a comment by No mention in this by the brother - that the killer (can we stop using the sanitized NRA-approved \"shooter\"?)  was firing an automatic weapon.  A machine gun or more probably submachine gun.  Either he purchased one illegally or converted an AR-15 or other assault weapon to full auto.  \n\nYou can hear it in the video, and the death toll reflects the firepower this guy had.  \n\nThis is literally insane.  We've made it possible for anyone to kill helpless innocent people gathered at a concert with a submachine gun.\n\nWhy isn't this a central issue in this piece of second-rate reporting?", "Now can we talk about gun control? Now????", "The NRA wont let anyone bring guns to their yearly convention. Can't understand why?", "Surely, despite the outpourings of grief, rage, disbelief, we will be once again placated by platitudes, prayers, \"respect for the dead\" which is nothing more than a passing contemplative silence, invocations to come together as one people in shared community, albeit a community in which the four out of five who demand universal background checks is outmaneuvered and outgunned by the fifth opposed, and the flag lowered as if it were kneeling in protest.\nSurely.  We must do more.   ", "58 more lives sacrificed on the alter of the NRA.", "This is truly sickening - why can't these cowards to kill themselves and leave the rest of us alone.  ", "So he had a number of assault rifles in his hotel room and no checks for weapons? Something tells me the lawsuits this hotel is about to receive will certain bring about change in the form of metal detectors and gun restrictions. Mandalay Bay is going to shell out some cash in the coming weeks. We gotta get some gun control laws passed. Sandy Hook should've been the last straw.", "When will this country wake up and enact reasonable gun control laws.  This country has the highest death rate by guns in the world!  Enough is enough!  Today I can't go to concerts, attend schools, enter theatres, fly through an airport, attend running marathons, and think twice before I enter 'soft' target zones wherever I go.  Until gun laws change we will continue to see mass shootings like this.  ", "The \"Great Las Vegas Gun Show\" was held last weekend in Vegas.  1,100 tables of guns, guns, guns, including lots of assault weapons.  There's a youtube video that shows giant assault rifles and every other kind of munition at the show.  And And there's another \"casino\" gun show there next weekend.  I don't know where the shooter got his many weapons, but in Vegas guns are always readily available. ", "\nGod bless all of the first responders, law enforcement and people who have helped, are helping, have shown great heroism and put their own lives on the line during this horrific and senseless act of hate and murder to save others.  When humanity is at it's worst, complete strangers rise to the occasion and help their fellow man and woman.  A sincere and heartfelt thank you!", "Once again the knee jerk reaction is that we must have tighter gun control.  From the video and audio, it appears that gunman was using an automatic weapon - which is already an illegal firearm.  More or tighter gun controls clearly do not keep illegal weapons out of the hands of those who intend harm upon others.  We must not penalize law abiding gun owners over the actions of people who have obtained or modified guns illegally.", "One man wrecks more havoc in terms of human lives than the recent three major storms put together! When will our lawmakers wake up and admit that its their failed policy is  the root cause?", "It is a lie of constitutional dimension that automatic weapons are countenanced by the 2d Amendment. One that has deadly consequences and more reverberations than a soul can fathom. We are beholden to about 4 million in a country of 330 million who claim these weapons of war are for hunting or \"self-defense.\" More like murder, and those who wittingly or not, facilitate it with ignorant proclamations of what the framers of the constitution had in mind. ", "Once again, a mass shooting demonstrates the firepower of military weapons, which serve no purpose but to kill people with devastating efficiency. And once again, the NRA will come out to block any effort to keep these weapons out of civilian hands. And once again, the NRA's mythical \"good guy with a gun\" fails to materialize to stop an active shooter.\n\nAt what point will our citizens realize the NRA doesn't protect the American people, or the Constitution? it protects the profits of the gun industry, period.\n\nNRA=No Rational Answers", "Maybe this will get Trump to talk about gun control, being that there are bookings at stake now at the Trump International hotel/condo high-rise just down the Strip from the Mandalay Bay. ", "No one should have assault guns. They are not hunting rifles nor are they appropriate for home security purposes.  It is safer to go to Europe.", "How sad when you realize the president is part of the problem, not the solution, to may of our ills.", "Insanity!\nWe did this to ourselves. Walter Kelly put it best\u2014We have met the enemy and he is us.\nI want to hear the President's statement about this. I suspect he will blame this on some foreign or ethnically diverse element while reinforcing our gun-centric ethos. ", "How does anyone check into a hotel with \"in excess of 10 rifles\"? Did no-one working there not raise so much as an eyebrow? Or is this just business as usual in the state of Nevada?\n\nThe second amendment certainly was written in a time when such weapons were inconceivable. Why can't law makers get that into their skulls? Along with an entertainment environment which idolizes & capitalizes on machismo, guns & violence, plus easy procurement to anyone with a grudge or paranoia, the mix makes for a very unsafe country. Reasonable Americans need to stand strong against the NRA.", "The Second Amendment contains at its core the phrase \"well regulated,\" central to its meaning. For decades the NRA has been fighting any sensible regulation of firearms in direct contradiction and with disrespect to our Constitution. Despicable and un-American.", "We should absolutely show our outrage!... That is the way to actually honor the victims. \n\nAnd then go deeper... The real problem is the system of legalized bribery that we have in our country called political campaign financing. If we had a truly system of public financing of campaigns (which would probably cost each of us just a few tax dollars per year), do you think that the NRA would have the weight that they have on our public officials?\n\nAnd by the way... it would solve MANY other issues where Congress does NOT reflect the will of 60%+ of the American people.\n\nWe are losing our Democracy in front our very eyes... we need to defend it in our voting and public work and statements.", "Every time this happens I am reminded once again of what Obama said after Orlando: \u201cThis massacre is, therefore, a further reminder of how easy it is for someone to get their hands on a weapon that lets them shoot people in a school or in a house of worship, or in a movie theater, or in a nightclub. And we have to decide if that\u2019s the kind of country we want to be. And to actively do nothing is a decision as well.\u201d\n\nIt's a terrible day and we should all mourn the victims. I hope that someday we will choose to do more than nothing.", "I'm so old that I remember when concerts were concerts - not soft targets. ", "If guns are going to continue to be made available to the general public, the real dollar costs of law enforcement, safety measures (metal detectors, etc.), emergency and health services, victim rehabilitation and legal liability should be borne by all gun owners, in the form of fees on the purchase and the licensing of weapons and ammunition sold to the public. ", "I can't believe if the President were making a speech, that Federal Security would not have checked all the rooms and rooftops looking down on the audience area.\n\nIs it too much to ask that \"ordinary citizens\" get that kind of security, living in these times?  I'm sure it would be cost prohibitive to protect us that way., so yes it's too much to ask.  Makes you feel all warm and fuzzy inside, doesn't it?", "the majority of americans - including gun owners - want gun control.\n\nthe reason we don't have gun control is because we don't live in a democracy, where the majority rules. we live in a plutocracy - rule by wealth. we live in a plutocracy that uses the theater of democracy to hide itself.\n\ngun manufacturers don't want gun control and so the gun manufacturers fund the NRA, which spends vast sums to buy and own congress.\n\nunder our current system of plutocracy - rule by wealth, a system of legal bribery, where gov't policy goes to the highest bidder - we will not get gun control until we, the people, or some other wealthy entity or entities, spends more money than the gun manufacturers and the NRA do to own congress.\n\nour only other option is to change our system BACK to democracy by taking money out of politics. (this would have the added benefit of solving most of our other problems too.)\n\nit's that simple.", "All that I can say is that this sort of thing could not have happened if the US was still a nation governed by and for the people.\nThe bitterness and depression and ?? I'm at a loss for the words to describe the negative effects of de-regulation and re-regulation and general destruction of our government and systems in this country to make the people prey in an economy designed to drive and hold people down to the lowest possible level they can be held down to on the economic ladder.\nThe negative effect of what has been done to government by and for the people over the last 40 years is the root of the motivations behind all of these events of mass murder and mayhem.", "The type (brand, make, model) and quantity of weapons and ammunition involved should be considered essential - not nice to have - information when reporting on any death by gun. Consider it just as important as the old-fashioned journalistic who-what-why-when-how. You may not know this info as the story breaks, but once known the full details should always feature prominently. By not clearly stating what weapons are used in a gun death, you are not only helping to shield the companies who make these products, you are diverting attention away from the key cause of such incidents toward the usual focus on the individual\u2019s motives, psyche etc. Report on the guns used.", "Hi, notably this comes just days after Steve Scalise returned to Congress after being shot by a fellow countryman.  This is so sad, I heard this AM on CNN that the cops don't have the protection needed to stop the type of weapons that are sold? I realize I come from Canada, but I have lots of close American friends and of course they attend concerts.  Crying for automatic weapons be be harder to buy. Guns don't help. I bet a lot of people at the concert own guns, but they can't all carry around long range rifles can they?\nPraying for the victims. ", "How does the Congress that welcomed back Steve Scalise on Thursday, last week, continue to turn a blind eye to this epidemic?  What does Steve Scalise say to the families of the 50 decedents, and now, 400 wounded?  Will the Congress, president, and acting HHS Secretary ask if any of the 400 wounded receive health care insurance via the ACA?  The number of wounded is staggering.  It is hard to believe that this is America. ", "I am long past being disgusted by those who oppose sensible gun control measures by invoking the Second Amendment of the Constitution.  The first clause of the Amendment establishes its purpose--the need for a \"well-regulated militia.\"  Jefferson, who drafted the amendment, and others of the founding generation were opposed to a standing army, in large part because of the abuses of the British army before and during the Revolution.  Domestic insurgencies and their fear of slave revolts also played a part.\n\nSucceeding generations of Americans have misinterpreted the Second Amendment, ignoring its historical context. The US has changed in ways the Founders could not have imagined.  Repeating firearms and forms of mass communication and distribution of goods of did not exist in 1790.  The Founders never meant the Constitution to be some sort of immutable holy writ; there would be no amendments were that the case. The \u201cOriginalist\u201d argument is deliberate disinformation.\n\nIn practice, attorneys and judges rely upon selecting only those facts and arguments that suit their purpose (winning a case, securing a political victory) and ignoring those that do not. This sly method does not necessarily serve the general welfare of the nation.  The decisions and dissents of the SCOTUS, as well as the actions of the NRA and it supporters in the Congress and elsewhere provide ample evidence of cherry-picking evidence to for politically motivated results. Time to stop this nonsense.", "In the meanwhile, in a different NYT section an article addresses emotional well-being.\n\nIt's obvious that if you allow almost no matter what citizen to buy guns, things like this will continue to happen. And there's still a lot of work to do, when it comes to gun control laws.\n\nBut that alone won't be enough to prevent disaster like this, however. We spent the last 2 centuries developing our material well-being in the most extraordinary way, producing amazing progress, from being in better physical health to living much longer.\n\nNow is the time to finally start taking our emotional well-being seriously. TV and then social media have not only reduced people's attention span (whereas a good quality of attention is crucial if we want to be able to obtain emotional well-being, as science has shown), they have also isolated us from other people, shrinking our sense of empathy and as a consequence our sense of self-compassion. \n\nAnd the less we're trained in self-compassion, the more our inner critic takes over, the more negative emotions dominate, and the more we tend to act on the basis of hatred rather than curiosity and loving kindness.\n\nKilling tens of innocent citizens is not \"pure evil\", it's what human beings do when society doesn't care enough for them anymore and they become as alienated from their own sense of self-worth as they are alienated from the rest of society.\n\nWe should start training (self-)compassion skills massively, in order to prevent things like this...! ", "The Second Amendment, verbatim:\n\n\"A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.\"\n\nMy thoughts:\n\nWhen does the word \"people\" in this amendment mean a person?  People are certainly made up of personS.  The second amendment thus appears to define a collective right, not a personal right.\n\nFurther, even though the \"people\" can keep and bear arms, the second amendment explicitly states those collective rights are limited to exercise within a \"well regulated militia.\"  \n\nPutting two and two together implies that:\n\na) personal ownership of arms is not a constitutional right,\nb) that arms should only be borne and controlled within well regulated militias, e.g.:  the police, the National Guard, and other government enforcement agencies, and\nc)  all arms should be subject to regulation.  Maybe all the arms in the country at least should require permits.  That way, at least, if one stays a \"law-abiding\" citizen, they can keep their arms, but when found mentally or legally deficient they must give them up (at least until cured).\n\nWhen we allow basically anyone (a person) to own arms without sufficient regulation, we get what we have now:  Tyranny of the \"sickest\" in our society.  ", "This can't continue. I don't care where you stand on the interpretation of the Second Amendment, we need to have some leadership and action from Washington to prevent this from happening again.", "America was founded on a principle that all citizens are equal, the majority should rule. The majority in America are in favor of gun control, but there is no gun control. The majority did not vote for the GOP or Donald Trump, but the GOP and Donald Trump are in control. A majority of Americans believe that climate change is not a hoax, yet state governments are banning the words climate change from all of their government literature.  And on and on it goes.\n\nWhen you have bred a culture in which gun manufacturer profits are more important than human life, peace and dignity you get what you paid for - an unregulated militia wantonly destroying human life, peace and dignity. All in the name of profits.", "Not a Muslim?  Not an immigrant?  Damn!!-\n#realdonaldtrumpfakepresident", "Republicans response.\nThis is not the time to talk about gun regulations.\nWall Street Crash. Republican response. This is not the time to talk about banking regulations.\nHealthcare regulations\nBig pharmaceutical regulations\nIt's never time because our Government is bought by Corporations and the 1%.", "Clearly the human cost of allowing such permissive gun laws doesn't phase President Trump, since he has made a political calculation that his base is firmly part of the those who interpret the 2nd amendment in the most insane way possible.\n\nSo here is another calculation for you to make. As long as the US allows these mass shootings to take place by having such a permissive attitude to gun control,  you'll have foreigners just avoid coming to your country.\n\nI certainly would never consider going to Las Vegas now. I have no interest in it whatsoever. Why would I?\n\nLeaving tourists alone, every American must be thinking today: do I really want to go to a concert or other event where many gather?\n\nMaybe it's time for SOME members of the NRA to create a rival organization that continues to advocate for *responsible* gun rights. The right to have a hunting rifle and hunt for sport isn't the same as the right to have a semi automatic rifle or handgun. Self defense even doesn't justify arming yourself with a semi automatic. If you feel the need to handle anything more powerful, you have an obligation to be part of \"well-organized militia\" i.e. a police force or National Guard, where entry requirements are more stringent and you have more responsibilities when handling that sort of firepower.", "We may never  to know why this deranged person decided to do what he did.  But we do know we have an irrational gun culture that refuses to accept the need for sane gun control.  We also have a culture of individualism and separation that often results in extreme isolation.  This can cause people to feel disaffected.  We need to change our culture to become more inclusive,   caring and empathetic.  We all need to take responsibility and stop our vilifying of the other, whether it's people of different race, religious belief, political belief or any of the other things that have come to divide us.  Our politicians and media need to lead the way by changing the conversation.  ", "I seriously consider wearing a bullet proof vest and collar and bullet resistant helmet to get around in the evening in Sacramento, whether on a bicycle or foot. \n\nThough the degree of mayhem which just occurred in Las Vegas proper has not yet happened in the Capitol of the Nation's second Capitol bullets do fly at night there, around public outdoor concerts.  Bullets have struck and killed Sacramentans at outdoor concerts.  Police have been murdered when responding to calls located at Sacramento mid end hotel rooms.  \n\nSo prior to this horrible event in Las Vegas, many propose a moratorium on all gun ownership in Sacramento: to collect all the guns from any and every resident, and then deal with the incoming guests.  \n\nIn California, where many single murders happen say at chain hotels, in San Jose, or Davis, or Fairfield, that chain has done nothing to demand of its guests to not bring in or maintain any weapon nor demand that its visitors NOT consume intoxicants that are contraband - meth amphetamine, heroine, or cannabis. \n\nMy guess is that this particular murderer probably had been consuming methamphetamine and cannabis on an off for awhile.   US Law enforcement never comments about the intoxicants in the blood stream of the mass shooters. ", "Like all people of good will and decency, I send my condolences to those whose family members or friends were murdered or wounded by Stephen Paddock, an American white man, in Las Vegas. I mention Paddock's nationality, race, gender to remind those who fear Islamic terrorists, or hold racist views related to gun violence, that almost all mass shootings in America are done people who share Paddock's general description. \n\nIt is absolutely true there is no way to prevent all mass murders. If someone wants to do this, and is willing to lose or take their own life in the process, the odds are they will be able to do it. We should not increase measures contributing to an even more oppressive police state claiming we can prevent all such gun violence.\n\nSome say our massive celebration of violence as entertainment in every form of media, and very inadequate mental health services, suggest the percentage of Americans in this category is much greater. Even so, there is no national political will to reduce access to guns, even military weapons capable of mass shootings, and this is reinforced by the N.R.A. and those who claim it is the Second Amendment right of all Americans to own as many guns of any type they desire. However, it is clear this is far from the original intention of the Second Amendment. To put it simply, America is the easiest country in the world for deranged people to own and use guns of any type.", "Some commenters insist it's important to figure out whether this should be called \"terrorism\" or not, or whether the shooter may have had serious mental health issues. \n\nWith all due respect, I couldn't care less whether this gets labeled \"terrorism\" or not, and I'll wager that the victims of this shooter wouldn't care either. Similarly, I'm all in favor of treating people with serious mental health issues, but it's never OK for someone who has \"serious mental health issues\" to shoot people -- regardless of whether his \"serious mental health issues\" have been given proper attention.", "I believe the founding fathers never intended for rapid fire assault rifles to be legal for all. Now I hear that silencers are legal in many states.  The latest law on holding weapons back from those with mental illness was defeated.  The situation here in the US does not seem to be sustainable. All of this in a country where many Christians live, given that Jesus preached nonviolence, having an assault rifle just seems like sacrilege. One thing it does do is distract from the repeal of the inheritance tax for the ultra-wealthy. ", "What a wrenching scene!", "For the moment this tragedy can be laid at the front door of the NRA headquarters, as well as at the front doors of the gun and ammo manufacturers that pay the NRA to lobby for them, and at the entryway of Congress, home to a majority of corrupt Congressmen who prefer the campaign monies provided by the NRA and the gun manufacturers over the safety of American citizens.\n\nNo citizen in this country needs unfettered access to military style guns, to large capacity ammo clips, and to unlimited amounts of ammo.  These have nothing to do with home defense or to hunting.  The Supreme Court also is complicit.  I attended the last Supreme Court arguments on the 2nd Amendment and well remember Justice Scalia, the mythological \"originalist,\" not once refer to \"a well regulated militia,\" but instead use NRA-type talking points to shoot down the need for sane gun control.  ", "The NRA isn't worried that this tragedy will have a negative effect on them.  Gun stocks are up today.  That extra revenue generated by people buying additional guns in the next few day,  flows right to the gun manufactures who support the NRA who pay off the politicians who keep the legislation right where they want it.  A tragedy like this is a clear win-win for all three groups.", "Can't wait to hear how the NRA explains that, if everyone at the concert also had automatic weapons, they could have protected themselves.", "Now, we must have \"extreme vetting\" on All Americans, meaning, 300 million people! ", "This is domestic terrorism. This is the result of the NRA owning our politicians. This is a result of the rabid gun owners who wrap themselves in a twisted interpretation of the Second Amendment. When the second Amendment was written, there were muskets as weapons and not the killing machines of today. But of course, as after Sandy Hook, the gun fanatics' answer to this massacre is \"more guns!\" ", "I am nearly numb reading the details, but had this one thought: If the Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre could not motivate us as a nation to move on common sense gun laws, then this should come as no surprise. ", "I'm sure more guns would have prevented this.", "Somewhere, a lone Puerto Rican mayor is wondering where all of her cameras went.    ", "Everyone that is against gun control is directly responsible for this.", "Play the country song backwards and you get your dog back, your pickup truck back, your ammunition back and your life back. The majority of these country music fans were likely avid 2nd Amendment supporters and Trump fans. While it isn't \"politically correct\" to point this out, Mr. Paddock was evidently determined not to be a \"snowflake\" or a \"buttercup.\" He should simply be remembered as a red-blooded American patriot who thought it was time to thin the herd a little.", "Another spine chilling horror story. I guess the NRA will now say that if all concert goers had a gun , we would have one one dead!\nUnfortunately , as American citizens with no money we cannot do anything about it.\nI guess we just need to be prepared for  atleast one such incident  every year and not termed \"terrorism\" by authorities.\n\nShame on  \"us\"  for no seeing this coming every year and not doing anything at all even when those little school kids died in \"VAIN\"..\n I am sad .. really sad .. not knowing how many mothers will have to loose their kids to gun violence in a civilized society . ", "Hello, Donald, you want know what pure evil is?  Pure evil is knowing that there are tons of deranged people out there but do nothing to prevent them from getting these automatic weapons for the sake of profit and votes.", "If the murder of two dozen little kids -- dying in terror, their bodies stacked like cordwood in the corner of an elementary school classroom -- doesn't move us, then nothing will.\n\nNothing. Ever.", "Another shining example of American exceptionalism... ", "Thus begins Trump's \"American Carnage.\" Happy Mr. Unpredictable?", "In excess of 10 rifles and he waltzed right into the hotel? ", "Why is this atrocious attack not referred to as terrorism? Is this only immediately invoked when committed by someone with an Arabic-sounding name? This attack is what terrorism looks like -- insane people terrorizing innocent people. No matter who it's committed by, this is terrorism.", "Are we ready for gun control, medical care that includes mental health for all...and maybe full employment....yet?  ", "Wondering how our wonderful president would react if Sadiq Khan, the mayor of London, tweeted that the prez needs to get his act together on gun control? It would make sense given that Trump, following the London terror attack in June, tweeted \"At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is 'no reason to be alarmed!' \"  Mr. Khan has far too much class to stoop to that level. In the interim, perhaps the tone-deaf Trump will dedicate the Presidents' Cup golf trophy to the dead in Las Vegas as well.", "Life gets cheaper in America all the time: your life is worth less because of this shooting. And you can't do anything about it.", "NRA please remind me again: Why do ordinary citizens need assault rifles?", "No brainer.....ban semi automatic weapons and change gun culture in the US. ", "How sad that Congress has been bought by the NRA.", "Unfortunately, this horrifying event will be forgotten within a month or so. Anyone remembers the Orlando shooting? Probably very few! There were 60 deadly shootings in the UK in 2014. In the US, there were 8,400! Would it be that strict gun laws help minimize shootings? Clearly, the 2nd amendment is a law that makes America great! Surely, in a great democracy anyone should have the right to shoot somebody else! And why worry about ISIS when you have the IRA? Just to be on the safe side though, don't forget to take your automatic weapon with you when you drop Johnny at the daycare now! ", "Well, I hope Wayne LaPierre and the NRA are happy today. A new American record! It would have been impossible without all their hard work in buying Congressional votes over past several decades. Be proud, Wayne!", "Trump calls for unity.  Really? Then he needs to stop sewing seeds of divisiveness.  Our hypocrite-in-chief.  ", "One they that we can guarantee is that our federal government will take no action to restrict gun ownership by the mentally ill or those with criminal histories. They will say how sorry they are and pray for the families, but they will take no action. Some will try, but the NRA always wins. Please don't even tell us you are sad, sorry, or praying. I don't want to hear it.", "\"Warmest condolences\"?  Trump tweets Hallmark greeting card pablum.", "Hi, the United States! Are you keeping well? We dearly feel sad for your gun plagued woe and condole so, the ending of valuable American lives. Time might has come for the US Authority to be stronger to ensure safe lives on the American soil.", "Repeal the 2nd amendment now.", "The video clearly shows that this was done with automatic weapons - something very heavily regulated and controlled. Please investigate this as the omission of the types of weapons is a very glaring oversight on the part of the Times. Obviously this is early in the investigation but the number of wounded would not have been possible with a hunting rifle or even a semi auto rifle. Do some research NYTimes, do some investigating and do some reporting. You've missed the most important part of the story.  ", "Yes, I am desperately sorry, but how I dearly wish for gun control through this country.", "I hear the TV pundits talking about how we're all going to have give up a few more of our \"freedoms\" to be safe in large crowds, how we have to allow warrant-less searches of ourselves before we can go into any \"crowded\" public areas, how hotel clerks are going to need to be trained to recognize signs of potentially violent people \"just like airline personnel have been trained.\"  But why do I need to give up my Fourth Amendment rights and why does everyone need to be trained just to protect other people's Second Amendment rights?  People die every day because this country has decided that the Second Amendment is more important than other right, including the right to breathe.  Before Sandy Hook I thought that could change.  But if slaughtering innocent first graders is not enough, this latest event will not be enough.  Nothing will change, and that's the saddest part of this - nothing will change except that the rest of us will be forced to contend with more of being frisked, scanned, and questioned in order to protect the Second Amendment rights of a few.", "It's hard not to wonder what other public gathering places are bordered by would-be killing perches.  Milwaukee's Summerfest grounds, for instance, are bordered by a freeway bridge on the west, and our downtown parks where festivals and fireworks take place are bordered by high-rise apartment buildings.   They are supposed to be safe, but I can't help but wonder otherwise.", "Another victory for gun manufacturers, whose stock prices have again spiked on the knowledge that more people will arm themselves or add to their armaments after this horrific attack.\n\nTheir win is another loss for safety.", "Police say they find \"no link to international terrorism.\"  What a relief!  A white American man with multiple automatic weapons shooting hundreds of people from a tower is not a terrorist!  He's a nut job and well, sometimes these things happen.\n\nI feel so much better now.", "Correction, America.  This isn't an act of terrorism. The president says it's it's an act of \"evil.\"  That's because the gunman was a home-grown white guy!", "Lets stop blaming the Republicans, the NRA, the terrorists, the gun/ammunition manufacturers. It is time to start dealing with the real problem - which is mental health and mental health treatment. That's where all these problems begin - in the head of the mentally ill individual. In fact, the majority of all problems in the society begin, one way or another, with the poor mental health of an individuals. And that's where those problems need to be caught and treated/dealt with.\nIn my opinion, this should be the number one priority of any modern society - free mental health care for all.", "This has mafia written all over it.  Bannon, Putin and the other \"spread hate-anger-fear-violence-WAR- Lies,Lies,Lies boys\".  Lone gunman.  Angry, white, single retired man who moved around a lot including to Texas, California, Nevada.  Family in Florida - the hotbed of retired folk hate and anger.  Killed himself after carrying out his \"mission\".\n\nThis is the story of the consequence of hate news.  This is what keeps\nThe Con Don and his International Mafia Top 1% Global Financial Elite Robber Baron/Good Old Boys' Cabal happy.  Chaos.  Fear.  The stock market - controlled by the cabal - is up.  That's bad news for the rest of us.  \n\nWant proof?  Fake hate news blamed the shooting on \"Antifa\", which The Con Don said is the democrat's hate group.  The story was retracted immediately after tens of thousands of hate-bots were sent out.  Bannon.  Putin.  And brethren.\n\nhttps://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-10-02/fake-news-fills-infor...", "A very disturbed angry white older male committed this heinous act. I agree with other posters who cite Sandy Hook, Orlando, Aurora, San Bernardino, Colorado Springs, Roseburg, Charleston, Isla Vista, Minneapolis, and the list goes on. \n\nHow many weapons were found? \"In excess of 10 rifles\" How did this person acquire all of these weapons? Without an apparent criminal record, he purchased them legally. Each of us is aware of an individual or individuals in our communities who secretly harbor hate; some speak utter disgusting things (and in their mind, believe it truth), most are the grumpy uncle version, but it's the silent ones who are the most dangerous. \n\nI wonder if Donald Trump will have the courage to stand up to the NRA, or even summon greater courage to attend the funerals with Melania. POTUS Trump, this happened on YOUR watch, and just like you blamed Barrack Obama and previous presidents, this national tragedy is on your shoulders. When Obama was elected in 2008, there was a surge in gun sales with the rationale being fear of tightening of gun ownership and regulations. People went out and built their own personal armories. Lunacy and Paranoia. All fed by the uber-Right wing blogosphere. Same source of twisted information that feeds disturbed and unstable people to take matters into their own hands.\n\nLeadership requires tackling very difficult issues, not just cheerleading from sidelines and showing up for photo ops. All Lives matter, POTUS Trump. Lead or Leave.", "Why are civilians allowed to purchase military grade weapons?  Hunting or sporting guns do not inflict maximum damage like this.  In addition, the current administration removed safeguards to prevent mentally unstable from acquiring guns.\n\nThis is a direct result of interpreting the 2nd Amendment incorrectly into the modern world.  The founding fathers did not have AR-15 with the type of ammunition available and did not recognize domestic terrorism.  It was then about not trusting the government and allowing people to defend themselves, in addition, to make a living from hunting.\n\nVery sad - Trump is not taking responsibility even though he fathered and signed the executive order to remove a gun control safeguard and is fighting against any controls.", "Planned it well. Too bad we have so many guns that can kill so many in a short time. America the beautiful is not even prettty anymore.", "Columbine happened in 1999. We have had nearly two decades of doing nothing about this. \"Thoughts and prayers\" is an insulting phrase now. You might as well just shrug and say \"sucks to be you.\" That's at least more honest and less patronizing. ", "Trump?  calls for Unity? A new low bar for Chutzpah every day from president shody. Not that he called for unity. He read his staff memo. ", "\"Don't you dare say anything about guns!\", the crazy part of America is thinking right now, \"...our sacred right to kill hundreds or thousands of innocents, year after year, cannot even be questioned!\" \n\nMeanwhile the endless slaughters continue...", "And the gun manufacturers' stock is rising as of this morning.  Sick country.", "It seems that we live in a undeclared war zone. It's even more frightening to think that we can't enjoy our freedom without fearing that at any moment, any place or time, we can be slaughtered by an evil man automatic weapons. How is this called civilization?", "We ARE Winning.  We have the BEST terrorists, home grown ones.\n   Thanks, NRA.  And thanks to your enablers, the GOP.\nTHIS is what America does better than Anywhere.   MAGA.", "Keep moving. Nothing to look at here.-\nWayne Lapierre  ", "Thoughts and prayers wont keep weapons out of the hands of psychos.", "All the grave faces and expressions of grief are nothing more than empty hypocrisy if we do not act to impose broad, sweeping, exacting restrictions on guns. If the NRA has a leg to stand on after this outrage, it should be kicked out from under them.", "What is necessary for the security of a free state? What is a well regulated militia? Perhaps these are the 2nd amendment questions we should all be asking ourselves?", "And what can anyone say that hasn't been said ten thousand times before?\n\nIt's just more of the same.  And we'll do nothing.", "I understand the second amendment and a individuals right to bear arms to protect themselves. However, I don't understand why anyone would need a fully automatic assault rifle to do it. If we look at the past ten years, almost all mass shootings have been committed with the use of a AR. How long is it going to take for the government to realize that we can't be disguising a mass murderer's most used weapon under the second amendment. ", "In Iraq and Afghanistan it's bombings, in America it's mass shootings. Forget about ISIS and Kim Jong Un--the people Americans really need to worry about are their fellow citizens who have amassed stockpiles of military-grade weapons. These people are America's equivalent of the ISIS terrorists in Baghdad who assemble homemade bombs to be used against Shi'ites at the vegetable market. ", "The US is the laughing stock of the world and only partly because of Trump.  Warmest condolences?  Sounds almost like a congratulation to the victims.  How about heartfelt condolences?  We are the only \"civilized\" country that thinks virtually any person should have the right to purchase military grade weaponry and all the ammunition you can afford.  When are we going to throw out every cowardly politician who bows to the NRA?", "No need to address responsible gun ownership regulations. We'll just express outrage, and condem the killers. Enjoy the concert, we'll be praying for you. ", "Freedom and 2nd Amendment Remedies #MAGA", "In the aftermath of events of unspeakable violence there is speculation about the motives of the perpetrators.  Articles are written about people holding grudges, suffering grievous blows to their self-esteem, possessing fanatical religious beliefs, being mentally ill, etc.  The use of the generic word people is disingenuous.  It\u2019s not people; it is, invariably, men who\u2019ve gotten angry for whatever reason and vent their rage in violence towards others.  Women don\u2019t amass arsenals, pick up guns, break into cockpits and commandeer planes, create bombs, wield knives, drive vehicles into crowds, no matter how angry we get, how much we are bullied or disrespected, how fervently we believe, how much vitriolic political discourse we have heard.  We don\u2019t.  We.  Just.  Don\u2019t.  Only men do\u2014but there has never been a major, public discussion about their terrifying and costly reflexive tendency toward violence and destruction; and what they must do to stop it.", "This is sickening. This is domestic terrorism. And it is made possible by how easily anyone can buy weapons which is directly attributable to the NRA paying politicians. Period. \n\nTo our political \"leaders\": the correct response to this is not more gun sales. The NRA's influence is completely out of control, as is their brainwashing the public that guns are somehow a serious issues for true patriots. I own several for hunting I have zero concern about them being \"taken away.\" It's a paranoid fantasy perpetuated by the NRA. They are truly sick for profits and should be treated like just another industry trying to influence legislation for benefit, not some special group that speaks for the country's ideals - they do not - and gets whatever legislation it wants from corrupt politicians. ", "Senator Dean Heller from Nevada voted against limits on magazine size, assault weapons and background checks.  ", "Tragic, horrific and sadly predictable. \n\nWhat is also predictable is the NRA and their sycophantic defenders in Congress soon to emerge with their disgusting take on this saying things like \"if more people had guns this wouldn't have happened.\" The better to sell even more guns to deranged and unstable people! \n\nThe rest of the world is looking on in shock and astonishment at the irrational  stupidity of American gun laws. \n\nWhen, oh when, are we going to finally address the epidemic of irresponsible gun ownership and gun availability in the United States. When people can legally bring assault weapons into public places including schools and churches, what should we expect? ", "While our president continues to demonize people who happen not to be citizens, and people who are not white, as people of lesser status and/or as terrorists, perhaps he should consider that virtually all of the recent terrorist acts in this country were perpetrated by American citizens, some of them white, with way too much access to multiple guns. It's a broken record, but better gun control is needed in the country. Arming teachers with guns, arming concert-goers with guns, will not do anything but bring us back to an Old West mentality, which I fear has already occurred. This is another horrible tragedy that should bring about some sort of positive change with respect to guns, but I am not optimistic.", "Are we great again?", "4 1/2 minutes. At least 58 dead and more than 515 injured that time. In what rational, decent universe would weapons be allowed in the general population that can wreak such horror and carnage in less than 5 minutes? My Senator Portman and Rep. Chabot,  and every other member of Congress who have been well funded by the NRA over the years, all have blood in their hands if all they do is offer meaningless \"thoughts and prayers,\" but no concrete, constitutional measures to combat this uniquely, all to frequent, American phenomenon.", "If one of my loved ones, friends or fellow countrymen were murdered by gun violence, I would not accept the cold hearted and hypocritical condolences frequently offered by members of the Republican party, especially Paul Ryan, Donald Trump and Mitch McConnell. I would demand an apology for ignoring the wishes of the vast majority of US citizens - including gun owners - and for not implementing any form of gun control.\n\nThose apologies will never come, nor will any restrictions on gun ownership as long as our government is controlled by republicans and the NRA. Subsequently, I believe that Paul, Mitch and Donald are equally to blame as these deranged mass murders who pulled the triggers.", "\nAt least 50 innocent individuals are murdered (and sadly, more are likely to  perish from their injuries) in this nation's worst mass shootings, and yet, firearm stocks continue to rise.  I just don't get it - the level of greed and hate in this country is unbelievable. ", "We do not take Far Right terrorism seriously enough in the United States.  Note that recently one Dylann Roof murdered 9 church attendees in Charleston,  South Carolina.  Dylann Roof was not even charged with committing an act of domestic terrorism,  even though he clearly did and Jihadist terrorists are always chared with this.  For some reason,  we make excuses for White terrorists while throwing the book at Jihadist terrorists.  Jihadist terrorism is described by Trump supporters as being somehow \"left\".  This is not at all true.  Jihadist terrorists are fanatical nationalists and religious fundamentalists.  Note that the Muslim religion is not very different from Christianity.  In the alleged beginning of the Muslim religion,  Mohammed is alone in a cave meditating when the Angel Gabriel comes to the cave and orders Mohammed to \"recite\".  The Angel Gabriel is familiar to all  Christians.    During WWII the \"Islamists\" sided with H word,  not the Allies.  How exactly did jihadists go from being Far Right to being \"Left\"?  I hate to belabor the obvious,  but only the Far Right benefits politically from Jihadist terrorism.  Are the Jihadist terrorists working with the Far Right internationally?  I don't know,  but the Far Right is perfectly capable of using violence and terrorism when it is in their political interest to do so.  Remember the  Burning of the Reighstag?  It may have happened again.  ", "It will never, ever matter to the NRA how many people are murdered in this country by guns.  Not 50, not 500, not 500,000.  The answer will always, always be more guns, more powerful guns to as many people as possible.  And politicians will be too weak and timid to stand up to them.  A major issue with our form of government.", "Not again, and yet again, and the same story, again....guns in the hands of a complete madman. That's the real American carnage. I guess the IRA will say that it wouldn't have happened if all those concertgoers had been armed.  The sheer scale of the horror is impossible to take in.  Let's pay attention to the suffering left behind instead of the obscure motives of such a person and the all-too-obvious motives of those who turn a blind eye to homegrown mass murder. Perhaps if we focus on the damage done, there could be just a hint of a chance that authorities will DO SOMETHING about controlling mass assault weaponry.  One doubts that, but hopes for it, yet again.", "Trump is rushing to Las Vegas ASAP. \n\nThere are business interests and campaign contributors to protect.", "Listening to the video I can hear that a machine gun is being used. Machine guns are already illegal. Nothing new to legislate here. Unfortunately laws only modulate the behavior of people that follow laws.", "I'm here in Barcelona, and yesterday millions hit the voting centers and streets.\nThousands of police were there to meet and often attack them. YET, not 1 gun incident in a highly confrontational environment. Why? Because its very very difficult to get an assault weapon here. Only the police carry them, and thankfully they were not used.\nSeeing the violence in Nevada from a Spanish viewpoint I'm so ashamed of my country. When will sanity start to govern our laws? Looks like never. ", "Meanwhile, the Republican candidate for the Alabama federal Senate seat vacated this year by Jeff Sessions, Roy Moore, only last week brandished a handgun at rally. More guns!\nAll the more for Alabamans to vote for the Democrat candidate for the December election, Doug Jones.", "This is the first thing I read online this morning and now I am starting my day with a broken heart.", "China and Russia must be busting out the champagne.  Another notch down goes America.  World leader, not.  \n\nWhat I am tired of the word \"tragedy\".  When are we the people going to organize, identify, and insist on change?  If the country is too big to imagine this on a national level, then go to a town meeting and ask what can be done, what your community needs to thrive.  Time to be proactive, not reactive.  Or is it too much to do? Is it just easier to post here, there, everywhere?  ", "What must our children think about how adults are leading the US?", "Sad, horrified, and prayed. Maybe we can do something this time, given the current political circumstance. If there is a petition for gun control that could get several millions of Americans to sign, there might be a chance?\nPlease, CREATE a common-sense gun control PETITION and spread the link ASAP!", "Unless they pertain to curbing the obscene obsession with and proliferation of firearms in this country, I hope the individual occupying the White House knows what he can do with his sudden calls for unity.", "When are they going to outlaw semiautomatic weapons to the common person!  There is no need for it. It is also interesting that most of the mass shootings are by white men of all ages.  Yet the police shoot African American men and we ban Muslims out of fear that they will harm us.  Something is very wrong the way we govern the use of fire arms and the way we do not even regulate gun shows. It is true that people kill other people not guns but to help them max out the number they kill with military type semiautomatic weapons is sinful.", "I despise politicians who seek press coverage yet they do not offer any new information to the public.  Why hold a press conference if they do not know anything? The self-praising is also annoying.  There were many people in the concert helping each other, not only law and order officers.  It was great to hear the president and some other politicians to finally refer to the shooter as evil, because he was.   The mayor networks are not calling the evil shooter as what he is, a madman.  Who cares of the motivation. ", "Heartbreaking day in America.\n\nWould be great to have a rational gun control debate where Conservatives (like myself) would be HONEST ENOUGH TO FINALLY ADMIT that making guns illegal, ESPECIALLY  ASSAULT GUNS, would help make these types of crimes more difficult to accomplish, as instead of just buying a gun, the process would be somewhat vaguely inconvenient - at the same level of scoring illegal pot in your neighborhood. And why shouldn't we make it a bit more inconvenient for these crazies for heavens sake!\n\nAnd at the same time, Democrats  can admit that making guns illegal is only a small part of the complex multi-pronged problem of deadly violence.\n\nThank God he didn't think of using a truck like the guy in France, where he would have doubled his casualty rate. ", "Repeal and replace the 2nd amendment.\nIt's clearly not working for us.", "As citizens we don't have the power to not hear the words, \"and the president tweeted.\"but we do have the power to support organizations for common sense gun laws and vote for people who realize the second amendment is out dated.    \n\nMusic concerts, schools, movie theaters,..are not war zones they are life, love and the pursuit of happiness.", "WHEN will we wake up in this country? If not last night, (with as I write, 58 dead), a room full of dead 1st graders? Church goers? Orlando/Pulse? Movie fans...then WHEN do we take action with REAL gun control? The NRA has blood on their hands today. Shame on them and their supporters. So... I ask again. What will it take? Who will it be next? A movie star? A rock star? A Senator? A President? Oh wait. We've covered all of the above already. Silly me. ", "It's just a cop out to call it evil. We can't combat evil. We CAN combat gun violence and cultures that glorify violence.", "Outrage will be expressed, people will demand an end to private ownership of automatic weapons, the NRA will recommend that all country music fans carry guns into concerts, the right wing nuts will post their conspiracy theories that the whole thing was staged, the press will laser in on this \"story\" relentlessly for a few days, politicians will express their \"thoughts and prayers\" then we'll move on. Maybe we need an emoji for \"thoughts and prayers.\" Or maybe we could just tweet and retweet \"t&amp;p.\" But nothing will change because the NRA will continue to  buy elected \"representatives\", and those \"representatives\" will be afraid, very afraid, and they'll take the money and back down. ", "The NRA, Republicans, and the Supreme Court are avid protectors of open carry which they deem is provided for in the 2nd Amendment, so then why don\u2019t they allow open carry at NRA headquarters, the White House, the Capitol Building, and in the Supreme Court when they\u2019re in session.  Their quick retort.  There are enough gun regulations and laws already on the books.  Just enforce them.  \n\nOkay, but with one caveat.  If we, by current law and/or regulation, have to live our daily lives with a threat of gun violence at work, at school, on vacation, at concerts, at Bible study, etc., then so should you.  As a good faith gesture on your part, start removing your metal detectors and body scanners.  Much appreciated.  ", "My heart broke seeing people scrambling for their lives in Las Vegas, while some victims lay alone in their final struggle.  Stephen Paddock upped the ante with his twelve rifles, carrying out the biggest mass shooting in modern American history.  We are our own terrorists.  Our paralysis, our inability to take any means necessary to stop this shameful slaughter, insures that it will continue to occur.  We must ask ourselves what would be the critical mass number of mass shooting dead for this country to take serious steps against it?  70?  85?  100?  We already know that the mass shooting of children has not mattered.  ", "\u2018The gunman, Stephen Paddock, 64, of Mesquite, Nev., who had no significant prior criminal history, was found dead in his hotel room, with \u201cin excess of 10 rifles,\u201d according to the police report.\u2019\n\nTen rifles had to be somehow lugged to the 32 floor of the hotel room. And the hotel security did not notice it? Is the hotel culpable for this extraordinary breach of security?", "All the mass killers will go to Nevada as there are no laws in that state limiting ammunition magazine capacities.  Do some gambling, load up on ammunition, and have a little party.", "President Trump called this an \"act of pure evil.\" No, it was an act of domestic terrorism. Call it what we know it to have been. Stop mincing words.\n\nI ask that you make this nation safe from terrorism, Mr. President, and not from some vague, evasive, and nonsensical concept like evil, against which our law enforcement cannot possibly be meaningfully arrayed.", "Why are we spending all this money on TSA and border walls, when clearly the terrorist threat in the US is from within our own culture? Spend it on gun control and mental health. Duh.....", "We pray that God will protect us from madmen such as this one and other like him.  Certainly cannot depend on our elected representatives to do it as they continue to put us all in harms way through their inactivity on sensible gun legislation.", "All it takes is more good guys with automatic weapons to take down one bad guy with one. Clearly, more firepower is the answer.", "I'm a hobby gun user. I like to shoot tin cans, paper targets and old fruit and veggies. I am also a veteran and former rifle team member. I can't begin to say how this saddens and disgusts me. I want to throw up. I am not opposed to gun control laws but there must also be consideration of the rights of the millions of hunters, sportsmen, team shooters, collectors and other firearm enthusiasts. We're not criminals. Suggestions by writers of the NYT would like to see heavy enforcement of existing laws but also want implementation of things like micro inscription of cartridges and \"safe\" technologies that place a great burden on industry and unproven technologies that are costly and not proven to be effective or truly safe. The great majority of gun owners are ordinary citizens and people who never do any harm. Before we rush to demand technology and industrial manufacturing changes we must fully review and understand the impacts to lawful users and manufacturers.\nI also believe very strongly, that violent movies, TV programming and video games and even some news programming focuses attention and helps create an atmosphere that makes violence a normal part of life and not an anomaly.  Violence has been presented as a normal part of American life. It is not normal and we should not be inundated and bombarded with it through the media. Why are we showing heavy violence to children and young adults as a means to settle disputes or a visual media to be enjoyed? End that behavior.", "Call your representatives and DEMAND that they stop being complicit in public murder.  The right to public safety definitely outweighs the rights of madmen to purchase automatic weapons.  ", "Kudos to the Times for showing dead bodies, something I have always objected to.  If that is what it takes, they will not have died in vain.", "Just yet another guy exercising his Scalia Five court given right to bear arms.  And the guns performed within specifications, that is people were maimed and killed.", "Guns don't kill people.\nPeople WITH GUNS kill people.\nPeople with semi-automatic weapons can kill more people at close range.\nAnd people with automatic weapons can kill more people from a distance.\nWhat am I missing here?", "We have masaacres, and we have gun toting Republican senators who claim to love god. And of course the self mighty Trump. How sad for our nation.  We are on a deep downward spiral, but hey the stock market is still good.  That is the overall attitude.  My heart goes out to the victims of this tragedy, and their loved ones as well.  What a shameful time for our nation.  Deeply shameful.", "Given how much time he's spent screaming at his fellow Americans these las couple-three weeks, I was sure reassured to hear President Trump's call for national unity.", "When there were no changes to our nation's gun laws after the little babies were massacred at Sandy Hook how could anyone conclude anything other than we, as a country, are just fine with mass shootings?  Why would anyone be astonished or even mildly surprised at this shooting in Vegas?  This and all future mass shootings are absolutely inevitable...as well as totally preventable.  But nothing will happen. ", "Such horror is unbelievable.  Unfortunately all the gun control advocates will get up on their soapboxes calling for more unenforceable gun control laws.  Criminals will always be able to get guns, so gun control just doesn't work.  How to prevent such carnage as happened last night in Vegas?  I have no idea but it's not more laws that don't work.  ", "Trump's comments said victims were \"murdered\". In fact, victims were SHOT by a GUNMAN and some, but not the majority of victims, died. Everything is a political calculation, even responding to a heinous act of domestic terrorism. Symbolic gestures mean nothing here. Ask Steve Scalise what legislation he plans to introduce that addresses this act of violence. My guess is: NONE. There is legislation now to expand the use of silencers. My guess is no votes will have changed on that either.", "Not all terrifying violence is terrorism. Based on the information so far, this incident may be the result of an undiagnosed mental health issue. But even if the shooter was not suffering from psychosis or profound delusions, even if this was an act calculated to cause massive suffering and death, that does not make it terrorism -- and it is important that we understand that.\n\nTerrorism is incorporates surprise attacks on people, institutions, and symbols of a society as a tactic meant to scare people into changing their behavior and/or support for certain policies according to the wishes of those behind the attacks. Without the intent to change people's minds and actions, there is no terrorism, there is only violent rage. Sometimes mass killings are committed to create awful pain and nothing more.\n\nWhen people are suffering from what they regard as abuse and neglect and they feel powerless to rise above it, it is not uncommon for them to wish to strike out at what they perceive as the source of the violence. We see this most often in children (and frustrated drivers in \"road rages\") because they have poor impulse control. You cannot reason or negotiate with people in this state because their active goal is to release their pain by violently transferring it to others. All we can do is comfort and contain them until they calm down.\n\nTerrorists have strategic goals. Negotiations and counter measures can work even if they are anonymous. That is not true of violent rage.", "The sensible thing to do now would be to legislate control of automatic and semi-automatic weapons.", "Beyond gun control, which is so divisive and doesn't address the problem of millions of guns and assault weapons already in circulation, we need to do what Australia did to successfully get guns out of so many hands:  Buybacks.\n\nGun buyback programs can work.  Of course, setting it up would require smart and extensive fine tuning in a massive culture like ours, which promotes and glorifies guns in most forms of popular entertainment.  And of course, we have the NRA to contend with, and they currently rule.  \n\nBut buybacks are voluntary.  They eliminate the objection of \"big government.\"  And of course, the financial motivation is what this country is built on, top to bottom.  Sell a gun to help finance a new car?  Or a loved one's health care?  After a while, I suspect those who claim they'd never sell their weapons would quietly enroll ....\n\nPerhaps one of the billionaires who consider themselves philanthropists might consider underwriting such a program, and assembling a team that could take on the admittedly daunting task of figuring out the details. \n\nOtherwise:  Our hearts break for these people, and the many who came before, and we hope that we - or those we love - are not in the crosshairs at the next shooting.  Which will come.  We know it will.  ", "Our right to \"life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness\" is under siege. I am so sad and feel so helpless. I offer my tiny voice of deepest sympathy. ", "I have just contacted all of my congressional representatives and urged them to pass some sensible gun control laws. Classes, mental health evaluations, licensing, and insurance should be required for all gun owners. Sales of assault weapons should be banned. Guns shows should be banned, as they are the primary sources of illegal dealing.\n\nAnyone who can pass a mental health evaluation and a rigorous training course, and can purchase insurance should be able to be licensed to own either a handgun for personal protection, or a hunting rifle for the purpose of hunting. There are no other reasons why any responsible, mature, and reasonable person would want to own a gun.\n\nThose who moan about government tyranny are already teetering on paranoia and should most definitely be denied licensing. ", "When are we going to start thinking about guns as products that harms people?  Our government allows people to buy unlimited machine guns and bullets.  Then the same government should warn citizens to wear bullet proof armor when they go outside.  Gun manufacturers and buyers should be required to pay for the armor.  Or they should compensate all the vicitims of gun violence.  Isn't this the logic of any other consumer products in the USA?", "Yet another senseless mass shooting, yet another record broken in terms of the number of lives taken and those shattered by the carnage.  There's a rumor, unconfirmed, that the weapon used was a military grade M240 machine gun that chambers 7.62\u00d751mm NATO cartridges.  The weapon is perfectly legal to own if it is over 30 years old, and is presumably legal to carry under the open-carry laws of Nevada.  Congratulations to the NRA and those lawmakers who care more about their ratings than the lives of innocent Americans for making all of this possible.  \n\nTrump doesn't need to go to Las Vegas - his kind of help is not needed there.  ", "I\u2019ve been following these attacks for years, and the response is always the same: discussions about gun control (that never go anywhere) and mostly irrelevant analysis of the mental health issues of some isolated individuals. It\u2019s astonishing how little America analyses itself as a society, as a culture in crisis, seeing these shootings as major symptoms of societal disarray. The sad truth is that these are not isolated events, but rather an expression of deep rooted malaise that has grown in intensity for the last two decades. There is an enormous effort of avoiding any critique that would point out that perhaps the very system upon which this society is based is spiritually bankrupt, and driving people to enormous despair and acts of senseless hatred. Until America becomes able of truly searching for its lost soul, the madness will only increase.", "\"Consider moving to Canada\"?  That's all I think about.  I'd give everything I own to live in a sane culture.  But, they won't have me because I'm retired, and they have a strict (and sensible) immigration point system that favors productive youth.  Nonetheless, all Americans may soon qualify as refugees. ", "This is the America we have CHOSEN to live in. Never forget that. Nothing requires us to go through this over and over and over again. We choose to. And we individually make that choice passively as often as we do actively.", "It is instructive that \"the Constitutional Originalists\" can oppose Gay Rights since James Madison and other founders did not approve of such rights at the time the Constitution was written.   While this entails some speculation, it is much clearer that when a proposal was made to specifically include self defense and hunting in the wording of the Second Amendment,  Madison and the majority faction rejected it.  The right to \"Bear Arms\" was a British term for military service, and that is the way it was interpreted for over two hundred years by US courts.   It was envisioned as a civic right similar today to Switzerland and Israel in a country of no standing army at that time.  Madison would be horrified at its present  interpretation.     ", "\"It\u2019s not illegal to own a fully automatic weapon, including military grade machine guns. Instead, ownership of these weapons is restricted. Federal law severely limits the ability of anyone, including gun dealers and shooting ranges, to purchase new machine guns. However, guns that were owned before 1986 continue to change hands. Owners of these weapons are required to pay a fee and register them with the federal government. As of 2006, those registrations indicated that over 390,000 machine guns were in private hands in the United States. In the same year, 1,280 unregistered machine guns were seized.\n\nIn a nation with over 300 million firearms, that makes machine guns just 0.13 percent of the weapons out there. However, it also means that there\u2019s about one machine gun for every 1,000 Americans.\" -Mark Sumner, \"Fully automatic weapons aren't illegal\u2014and there are thousands around Las Vegas\"", "The meaning of the the 2nd amendment has been the topic of debate for many a year.  Many intelligent people can discuss what the founders actually meant.  There are two specific comment types that the commentors in these paragraphs cite that are absolutely wrong.  First, they are blaming Republicans for the failure of Congress to pass gun control. When Obama was President he had a democratic House and Senate but demorcratic control could not pass gun control; maybe its because the majority of the population does not want it.  Secondly, these same commentors say that the founders could not have dreamt of the firearms available today, therefore todays' firearms should be banned.  These same founders could not have known about mass print or electronic media including telegraph, telephone, radio, television and the internet, therefore should the the 1st amendment not appyl to mass media? I think not.  The constitution cannot be applied incrementally based on the whims of a fickle population.  ", "The President just stated that he is going to Las Vegas on Wednesday. He has been planning to go to Puerto Rico tomorrow. Will he be able to fit in both? \n\nIf he is in fact cancelling his trip to Puerto Rico until after travelling to Las Vegas, that is not okay. There are dead American citizens in both tragedies. More who are currently hospitalized may, unfortunately, die as a result of the shooting, but the deaths in Las Vegas will end before the deaths in Puerto Rico.\n\nWhy are these deaths more important? Why does this situation require more urgent attention from the President? I ask these questions not to mitigate the  tragedy in Las Vegas in the slightest; my thoughts, prayers, moral values, and policy preferences are sent with the best intentions. I ask because the President is mitigating the dead and dying Americans in Puerto Rico every day.", "This country has decided that the benefit of unregulated access to ammo and guns outweighs costs in grief and sorrow brought about by the deaths of 1st graders.\n\nHow do I feel now? Resigned indifference.", "I'm looking forward to seeing how the NRA and members of the US Congress will further sink into their cesspit of moral indecency to defend and justify unregulated gun ownership and especially the ownership of military assault rifles. \n\nI am confident that these disgusting excuses for human beings will sink to depths of moral sewage never seen before to defend their \"second amendment rights\" (and their lucrative business interests with weapons manufacturers).", "Call it whatever you want ...\nAn incident that terrorized and killed many people is a terror attack.\nWhen the perpetrator is a domestic lone wolf, any travel ban and wall will not be able to stop it. Unfortunately this type of attacks were going on in both US and Europe for the past couple of years.\nGun worshippers will continue their gun gospel.\nAnd their master the Gun Makers will keep making their blood money.", "If the second amendment guarantees the right to buy, keep and use automatic rifles (i.e., arms), why not hand grenades, bazookas, tanks, anti-aircraft weapons, tactical fighter planes, canons, bombs, germ weapons, nuclear weapons..? Could it be common sense? Where is the NRA on this?", "Just pray. And send thoughts. That's all that's needed in today's 'Merika. PRAYER. Which - factually speaking -- religion is at the root of all evil. And the fact we love our guns. It's all about guns and bibles in today's 'Merika. This is what it gets us, if you aren't paying attention. ", "A couple of performers said it's a sick world. No. But the U.S.A sure is sick. This will be forgotten in a day or two, nothing more than collateral damage from our precious right to bear arms and kill. Yes very sick. ", "Look at the building schematic of where he shot from and where the people were. How can machine guns with that long of a range be legally bought by ordinary people?!!! How do you not expect things like this to happen. Just blows my mind. ", "How did he get into his hotel room with such an arsenal? ", "While Trump is out playing golf every single weekend, making great deals with all the  corporations and rich! He manages almost every moment to tweet, inciting chaos here and abroad. The world erodes away...hurricanes, earthquakes, North Korea, migrating people fleeing from war, killings here caused by readily available guns, usually from someone completely frustrated by what their life has become...hopeless!!!  ", "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung reports Islamic State claims the shooter was one of their soldiers. If true, how does the NRA react to that?", "Truly disgusting news.  A huge part of me is horrified. Another part of me is numb. And still another part wonders how long before Trump suggests the victims were losers and attacks the event organizers (on Twitter, of course) as demonstrating poor leadership.", "Is there anything more sanctimonious than Trump with nary a religious bone in his body invoking the name of God so many times in his statement...oh wait yes there is, the evangelical groups that support him.", "It\u2019s amazing the ease with which a person can acquire the capacity to carry out a mass murder like this.  Here in northern Arizona, I spent a lot of time camping in our national forests over the summer.  On almost a daily basis, I would hear gunfire outside my RV.  One day, about 2 months ago, a Jeep pulled up about 200 yards from where I was camping, 3 men got out and spent about 3 hours unloading literally thousands of rounds of ammo.  I heard a lot of different guns being fired; shotguns, handguns, rifles, and an automatic weapon.  Someone was shooting a machine gun about 200 yards from my campsite.  And they had a gun - I don't know what it was - but it was so powerful that I literally felt a concussion from the blast while sitting inside my RV with the windows closed at that distance.  The whole area was covered in spent shell casings when they left, so I was able to collect some samples and identify that they had an AR-15.  I came to learn we allow \u201cplinking\u201d in our national forests.  This is a term for target shooting at random junk in the woods.  There are few restrictions on this activity.  Anyway, it did occur to me that those men were so heavily armed that they could have pulled off a massacre like this so when I heard the news I immediately thought of them.", "The second amendment needs to be repealed... there is absolutely no defense for it. What reasonable excuse can be made for anyone to own a machine gun??? I mean common on.", "I have read that DJT is set to visit Vegas in response to this shooting. He should think about a trip to Puerto Rico while he is at it.\n\nBoth have seen terrible disasters recently and both are part of the US.", "\"Our unity cannot be shattered by evil, our bonds cannot be broken by violence, and though we feel such great anger, at the senseless murder of our fellow citizens, it is our love that defines us today. And always will. Forever.\" -Donald J. Trump today \n\n\"I could stand in the middle of 5th Avenue and shoot somebody and I wouldn't lose voters,\" Donald J Trump said at a campaign rally . Jan 26, 2016  \n\nHe is  most divisive, violence referencing, fake empathetic \"President\", ever.", "I'm just wondering how many mass shootings will occur before we start a conversation on the complete failure of psychiatric care in the US? \n\nAlmost all of the shooters on your list since 2007 had been prescribed some kind of anti-depressant, anti-anxiety, or anti-pyschotic. Related are the 22 veteran suicides a day, also most of whom are on some sort of mind alerting psychotropic perscribed by the understaffed and over-worked VA. \n\nPlease NYT, break the silence!!", "Where are all those \"good guys with a gun\" that are supposed to stop those \"bad guys with a gun\" Wayne LaPierre is always bragging about??  Aren't they supposed to stop these incidents from happening?", "Everyone reading these comments should look\nat this:\nhttp://www.gunviolencearchive.org/last-72-hours", "I am sick, sick, sick of gun violence.  Our nation MUST enact more and better gun control laws!!!", "What a horrific act of senseless violence. Our prayers and thoughts are with all those afflicted. \n\nWhile all those affected recover from their injuries and losses, I would like to ask the NYT to not publish pictures of bloodied victims. They are unnecessarily offensive to the victims, and to their relatives, now obsessively searching for news regarding their loved ones. At the same time, they do not increase the reader's understanding of the situation. Instead, they risk shocking us past our numbness. \n\nPlease, NYT editors, exert the utmost graphic caution in these trying circumstances.", "open carry. only way.\n\nput yourselves in that situation.\n\nyou are at a concert. it's packed all you see are a sea of people,\n\nand avenues bordering throughout.\n\ncan you honestly say you feel safe now, after reading this?\n\nopen carry. make it KNOWN that there are people out there\n\nthat can defend, and deter from something like this.\n\nalso, wouldn't hut to have an elevated police officer arm\n\nstand to over see and let everyone know that they are there!\n\nprevent another one by SHOWING force. else, it will just happen\n\nagain. and again. and again. and again.", "Seriously, owning these guns by individuals is not a 2nd amendment right.  It's the radical NRA that is driving domestic terrorism.  This is terrorism no matter how it is defined in our country (meaning, mostly terrorism is about the other).  Go after the source -- NRA and the radicals who follow that terror group. ", "When pedestrians are killed by vehicles ramming them on a bridge in London, Trump calls it terrorism and posts nasty tweets directed at Sadiq Khan. When dozens are killed at a music festival in Manchester, he chides Great Britain for not being tough on terrorism. When these things happen in the United States, perpetrated by non-Muslims, it's STILL terrorism.", "One gunman, and 40 dead and over 400 injured?\n\nSince the Republicans are not going to do anything, let the Democrats introduce a bill to propose a nationwide referendum to outlaw selling of ammunition and weapons of all kinds that can cause this kind of carnage.  \n\nLet the Americans decide whether they want to live like this or do something about it.", "Why are the Republicans against anything that helps the people of this country? They love the NRA, want everyone (including mentally challenged people) to have guns, DON'T want everyone to have health insurance, want poorer people to pay more taxes than the rich people, and on and on.\n\nWhy, why can't assault weapons be banned?  No one needs them but the military.  Ho many people must die before we amend the outdated and misinterpreted 2nd amendment?  When will the Republicans do anything to help our country?   ", "Gun rights advocates love to claim the word \"freedom\".  There is a noose slowly tightening around our collective freedom.   Soon, enjoyable public gatherings of all kinds will be a memory, as we huddle in fear in private venues after willingly submitting to a personal search.  Yup.  Freedom. ", "Trump's NRA base is sulky this morning, just like Donald in that guarded tweet. Is Trump on TV yet? DON'T LOOK AT HIM. ", "I keep hearing \"the deadliest mass shooting in american history\". Lets face facts . . . this is an american made competition. Its the deadliest mass shooting in american history  - so far.", "Three things we are tired of hearing every time after one of these barbaric acts happens...1. \"our hearts and prayers...\" 2. \"thank our first responders for...3. \"now is not the time for this...\".  Well, enough of the praying and let's do something about it, prayers will not prevent this from happening again.  We will always thank our first responders, not just now in time of crisis as they put themselves in harms way for us all the time.  Now IS the time for this, when we see time and time again the massacres happening in America, and nothing ever gets done to prevent this.  Yes, now is the time to do something.  Enough of the politician's and their nonsense paid for by those that stuff their pockets.  If they won't answer to who elects them, then WE need to fire them.", "I continue to dream of the day the lobbys for gun control have a few billion dollars more than the NRA. I dream amid my tears.", "Everyone who is outraged and disgusted by these shootings needs to contact their congresspeople and let them know how you feel.  Also, vote, and encourage your friends and family to vote!  ", "This is a form of terrorism, though we don't yet know the individual's motivation.  Mental illness may play a part, but the act is evil.  Congress & Trump will declare themselves impotent in the face of such attacks because they do not want to inhibit gun sales.  The guy is like Charles Whitman on the Texas Tower with a fortified high ground to pick off scores of people.  Except Whitman had a single shot rifle and this guy had a machine gun, essentially.", "Does anybody suppose that having the person who became president say \"beat him up - I'll pay for your defense\"  would encourage this behavior?\n\nWould a charge of incitement be appropriate?\n\nAnd, of course, we need silencers to protect the hearing of gun nuts, and prevent Shotspotter from locating the shooter.\n\nDoes the level of safety in New York City have anything to do with the difficulty of possessing a firearm?", "Time to sacrifice individual right to bear automatic weapons for public safety? ", "Making American Great Again with mass shootings thanks to Republicans inaction on gun laws.  If nothing was done when 3rd graders were massacred they aren't going to care about country western fans either.  ", "Trump, even in tragedy, has to lie. He applauded how fast Nevada police were on the scene preventing more deaths. Witnesses said the shooting continued for 5-15 minutes. It only ended when the shooter stopped. Then he killed himself as SWAT was about to enter the room.", "When is Trump going to get a victory lap claiming that there were ONLY 50 fellow Americans killed by a mad man exercising his right to BEAR arms. And when, WHEN, WHEN!!!!!  are our politicians going to adopt sensible and humane measures to prevent tragedies like this? In what civilized nation does a private citizen has the right to have a machine gun, a weapon of mas destruction, to \"hunt\" his fellow citizens?", "I await the travel advisory for Nevada.", "This will not stop as long as Washington is owned by the NRA and the firearms industry. Sad. Get used to it.  ", "Civilized nations of the world: please issue a ban on travel to the United States. We need your help.", "Another day, another mass shooting in our country by another deranged shooter with automatic weapons, an unbeatable combination.  ", "When will this madness stop?  The U.S. is the only supposedly civilized country with a gun culture run amok.  2nd Amendment, my foot.  Every single gun owner needs to join a \"well-regulated militia\" or relinquish their guns.\n\n\"Guns don't kill people.  People kill people.\"\nThat may well be true, but guns make it far too easy for people, whether it's an innocent toddler or a murderous maniac, to kill.  And that is exactly what they are doing.", "Repeal the second amendment. We already have too many guns in the US.", "Apparently normal white older male (Unemployed Trump fan?) kills and wounds hundreds. The man had 10 assault rifles in his possession. Insane gun laws contributed to this tragedy. Violence is as American as apple pie . Lock up the NR A and their bought politicians.", "President Trump................\n\n\u201cOur unity cannot be shattered by evil, our bonds cannot be broken by violence.\u201d\n\nYou have been remarkably adept at dividing and enraging the people of this nation.\n\nResign your position please.", "Trump has the following to say, in a more scripted address: \n\n\u201cMy fellow Americans, we are joined today in sadness, shock and grief,\u201d\n\n\u201cIt was an act of pure evil,\u201d Mr. Trump said.\n\n\"We call upon the bonds of citizenship, the ties of community, and the comfort of our common humanity.\u201d\n\nMr. Trump has been savaging the bonds of citizenship, ties of the community, and has shown zero humanity to anybody.  This is the most obnoxious hypocritical drivel some scriptwriter could concoct for him.\n\nThe translation is obvious: don't talk about it now, and nothing will be done about it either.  Bury your dead in silence.", "Oh my god, what a terrible crime, hope those people who were injured will be all right soon.", "According to the Republican lapdogs of the NRA, this guy should have been using a set of silencers on his weapons.  That way, he would have killed another 100+ before detection and the NRA could have called for more looser controls to counteract the need for thousands of  silencers in the wrong hands.  Do you see what is happening...it's called marketing.  Mass marketing for mass killings...get yours now before Obama comes back and takes the rest.  I'm a gun owner (long and hand) and find this disgusting.  Every gun transaction in this country should be \"well-regulated.\"", "When I tried to go to sleep at 130 AM, Pacific Standard Time, 2 were declared dead and 26 injured.  Now, at 7:30AM PST, 50 dead, 400 injured.  \n\nI cannot catch my breath, grief is overwhelming.\n\nWe live in a very sick country who puts gun profits over American lives.\n\nShort-term profit = long-term destruction.", "Twenty-one and a half years ago there was an incident like this in Australia. It was called the \"Port Arthur Massacre\". Thirty-five people were murdered. We had a conservative federal government in power at the time led by a prime minister who was no moderate. Still - despite significant opposition from his party's base - he inaugurated a ban on semi-automatic weapons here, and a \"buy-back plan\" to get them and other dangerous long weapons out of public hands - and we've had no \"massacres\" since.\n\nNothing like that can happen in the US because it is not bi-partisan policy to value 323 million Americans more highly than the Second Amendment. Republicans care more about centuries dead words than dead Americans don't you know? Perhaps Blue states should secede from the Red US and build a wall: though \"some, I assume, are good people\"? Good people don't ignore senseless murder again and again and again and do nothing; but instead continue to celebrate their freedom and \"bravery\" with high-powered weapons in their hands, while others of their number are \"free\" to die in their sights or brave fire from them. They're evil - or simply pathetic.\n\n\"America! America!/God mend thine every flaw,/Confirm thy soul in self-control,/Thy liberty in law!\"  ", "We need to focus our thoughts at present on those hundreds of people caught up in this very avoidable tragedy. Perhaps, then we can let the NRA,their lobbyists & their supporters in our government feel the backlash of protest which should shout out very clearly..WE HAVE HAD ENOUGH....WE NEED TO SEVERELY RESTRICT GUN OWNERSHIP.....with no buts. The 2nd amendment has been distorted & wantonly misinterpreted.", "So far this morning, I've talked, on the phone, to every member of my family except my grandchild (who is a babe-in-arms, too young to do anything more than coo). They are all, so far, warm, safe, at home, sheltered from those that would do them harm... but as they move into their daily activities, I know that they will leave these safe places and go into the streets of America where God-knows-who could have the types of arms and the intent or unstable  mental makeup to just start killing and maiming for no reason at all. \n\nAs a nation, we can do little about a person in a bad mood or who has mental problems... certainly we can try to identify and treat if the problems are recognized. This, in a manner, is a \"software\" problem... but we can directly intervene on the \"hardware\" side of the story. We can limit and restrict the type of \"hardware\" that is sold, meaning rapid-fire weaponry. We can restrict the types of ammo and the amount that is sold.\n\nBut, we won't. The NRA honchos will sing their 2nd Amendment siren song, again, as they have done so many times. One must wonder... does Wayne Lapierre have family members who go to concerts, go to shopping malls, and go to theaters and attend schools? Or does he live in a compound where his family members never go out and are protected 24/7/365? \n\nI can't protect my family like that... all I can do is call them every morning, anxiously awaiting their voices on the other end of the line, being so grateful when I hear those voices.", "Our thoughts are with you America. ", "it's time for a travel ban for citizens of Las Vegas.", "I'd be interested in a serious discussion of whether or not this will be called \"terrorism\" and the roles race, ethnicity and ideology play in assigning that label.\n\nIf it had been a Muslim, slam dunk, right? Or a \"black\" guy with any hint of BLM on his social media. Was the t South Carolina church shooting definitively labeled terrorism or just racism?\n\nInteresting stuff.", "He's not well enough to travel, period, let alone 3 time zones away. Just stay home, Mr. President.", "The picture of the woman covered in blood should be taken down and not printed in the print addition. If that woman is dead, her loved ones will certainly recognize her body and clothing. NYTimes editors, please balance strong reportage, which we count on you for, now more than ever, with a bit of human compassion. ", "Obviously terrorism. If this were anyone but an old white person, it would be called as such. This kind of plan and motivation is clearly terror. Call it what it is. How long before the NRA begins its apology and defense?..........", "The number of rounds heard on the video is staggering.\n\nTen, count 'em, TEN guns in the hotel room!\n\nAnd more guns just found in his home in Mesquite.\n\nBut, \"Guns don't kill people...\" ", "Steve Scalise, 450 people dead or wounded have joined you.  You are a Senator and a Republican, and your recent experience has made you uniquely qualified to make change.  Please, for the love of heaven, do so.", "The typical NRA & Republican line is that only a good guy with a gun can stop a bad guy with a gun. But even if every single one of these concert goers had a gun, nothing would be any different. ", "The gleeful comments from anti 2nd amendment \"progressives\" is nothing less that disgusting.   ", "For all you NRA supporters: Do you think ISIS is watching this demonstration of terror pulled off by one individual with access to unlimited firepower?", "Every republican from dog catcher to city and county commissioners to state legislatures to the U.S. House of Representatives, U.S. Senate and President of the U.S. have blood on their hands for not passing reasonable gun-safety legislation.  Letting certifiably insane people purchase military assault weapons constitutes treason on the part of these public policy makers.  We need to throw the republicans bums out of every office in the country and never again let them stain our U.S. Constitution and Bill of Rights with their greed and corruption.  ", "Also remember, when the president speaks about unity, he means unifying his base, everyone else be damned.", "The shooter was 64.  I wonder what the average age of the people he killed was, never giving them the chance to live as long as he did.  The ultimate selfish act.", "OK, NYT, step up to the plate NOW!\n\nWe need a front-page grid -- not a story that disappears in a day or two, but a permanent fixture on your home page -- showing a complete listing of every national and state lawmaker who has\na) accepted donations from the NRA\nb) met with the NRA\nc) and how they voted on any and all gun-related legislation.  \n\nName names, call them, out, beat the drum relentlessly.  Day in, day out.  Provide contact info.  Call each and every one of them for an on-the-record comment about gun control and enshrine it permanently on your home page.\n\nWithout this sort of pressure they will just ride out the occasional burst of citizen outrage, hiding under their rocks, and then merrily continue to serve at the pleasure of the gun industry.  Tell us, for God's sake, exactly who is behind it all.  ", "Can't wait to hear the counterfactual, conspiratorial, fake news pseudo-realities this event will generate.  Along with the political posturing and endless analyses.  \n\nThen stuff just fades into a memory hole.\n\nThose who repeat the past are condemned to experience it all over again.", "hard to feel sympathy for a country that just can't get it together enough to regulate gun ownership. you made your bed...", "Trump & Co are still hob-nobbing with the gun lobby which is responsible for many of the massacres in the country. How many lives they want before they think of Gun Control? Why are we refusing to come out of the barbaric stone age?", "They are interviewing his brother and asking him nothing.  Just accepting the fact that he says this came out of the clear blue sky.  \n\nAsk him about his politics!  Was he passionate about right wing politics?  Ask him about his religious beliefs.  Was he a racist?  Ask something!  He didn't just do this for nothing.  ", "where did this guy get his hatred from?  the left and the liberal media have been pushing their hatred for President Trump and Trump supporters sense day one and now we all have targets on our backs.\n\nplease stop the hate and help work to bring us all together.", "I'm constantly amazed that people turn every tragedy into a political event.  Shameful!  ", "Amazing law enforcement to find that needle in a haystack.", "This is just horrific! With so many guns out there, a massacre was bound to happen, it was just a matter of time. Top start talking about gun control is an impossible task. The obvious reason is that Trump and many conservative Republicans are in bed with the NRA. Can't wait until the NRA announces that we need more automatic weapons in the public so we can try to shoot the gunman. Remember when Trump said, I believe it was at one of the nightclub massacres or at the concert hall in Paris, that we need more people with guns or pistols in order to shoot the assailant. Now the plan is to make gun silencers legal. This certainly would allow assailants to kill even more innocent people. Where is this country going? All people, Republicans, Democrats and Independents should be up in arms and screaming from the top of their lungs \"enough already with this madness\" we need sensible gun control \"STAT\". No civilian needs an semi-automatic rifle or machine gun, period end of report. This is indeed insanity. The country is being destroyed in front of our eyes secondary to the free wheeling and dealing with all kinds of legal and illegal guns. God help us!", "Assault weapons ... why, why, why! ??  The second amendment never knew about assault weapons and machine guns and quick clips.  Let us petition the Supreme Court to ban privately owned assault weapons.  Let the Court defend the right to bear arms - musket, revolver, single shot guns, but not assault weapons no, no, no!  ", "What is happening to our nation? And, more importantly, why?  This is what we should be sincerely contemplating as a nation.  Not casting blame, but coming to a place of understanding and meaningful action. Political leaders should not hide behind the veil of scripture and prayer, it's cowardly, irresponsible and lazy.  It's an insult to god and man. We deserve better.  We deserve liberty and justice, not carnage, righteous indignation, and more pain. We need laws that serve all of us and keep us free from harm.  We deserve a couageous representative gov't and President who will not cowtow to the vile NRA.  We need strict gun control laws.", "Okay, folks. Nothing here adds up. The shooter's family says he had no ax to grind and was not a gun enthusiast. I'm starting to think this guy was set up as the fall guy. They did say he was \"trusting.\" He was a \"professional gambler.\" So what really happened here? Will we ever get the truth?", "This may be a case where one bit of Americana can cancel another out - time to let the plaintiffs' lawyers loose on gun manufacturers.", "So we have a likely Trump voter massacring a lot of other likely Trump voters. I hope that fact can make Trump voters finally see the light about the need for gun control.", "While certainly the point is to be disturbed, all the videos and pictures in these articles seem... I don't know, just incredibly wrong somehow.", "NYT, please publish a list of all elected representative who take NRA money. They have blood on their hands and need to be removed from office, including the 1st president to be endorsed by the NRA (guess who).\n\nI wonder what Rep. Scalise, who was shot a few months ago, is thinking today?  I would think he would support sensible gun \"safety\" laws.", "Georgi NY writes:  \"If you won't blame every moslem for the vile acts of a handful of moslems, why would you blame all lawful gun owners for the vile acts of a handful of lunatics?\"\n\nIt's not about blame.  It's about the irrational hold the NRA has over our legislators.  A crib manufacturer is liable and will be forced to recall products if one baby gets caught in the rails.  Before you can drive a car you must pass written and practical exams.  You need authorization to transport dangerous chemicals.  You need a license to cut hair, for heaven's sake.\n\nThere is no reason why we can't have reasonable licensing, limitations on assault weapons, background checks, product liability, and other sensible control.  If you want to be a \"lawful\" gun owner, let's have some laws you have to follow. ", "So we find the killer killed himself - again the same story.\n\nNote to self - if you ever decide your life is not worth living, and decide to end it, don't do it while ending the lives of people who were looking forward to theirs", "If politicians only answer to money, maybe it's time we KickStart an anti-gun PAC that can outspend the NRA.", "I wonder how many of the crowd of the c&amp;w audience were armed? Surprising that no one fired back and quickly killed the shooter. I expect Trump to utter some form of that stupidity any moment now. The same people who argue Sandy Hook was staged, or faked, or whatever, to push gun control will remain unchanged. Those favoring gun control will either shrug this off as just another tragedy, or try and find the strength to once against think about taking on the NRA. And no one utters the T word. This was NRA terrorism, and the NRA is as much of a terrorist organization as ISIS. ISIS does not represent Islam, anymore than the extremists at the NRA represent most gun owners, but the NRA must be brought down. Their version of the Second amendment, like ISIS' version of Islam, is corrupt and sick.", "Maybe we can lay this foolish notion to rest once and for all - \"The only thing that can stop a bad man with a gun is a good man with a gun.\" ", "Gun manufacturers' stocks are up this morning.  Better go add to your arsenal before they take your guns.", "Will the gun lovers now say that this massacre would not have happened if everyone in the audience had been packing?  I am sickened.  I am tired of their paranoid misuse of the 2nd Amendment.", "My father was from Pakistan (so you what that means...).   For all the comments referring to how the narrative would be different if the man was Muslim: yes, of course.  Thank you for saying it for me.  Thank you on behalf of all the Muslims in America who contribute to the country and who go off to work today still a little shaken, as there was a moment between reading the headline and seeing the shooter's photo when we began to brace ourselves.  Still there is a tragedy, but it's not compounded by the prospect of essentially being blamed for it, and we can just move on to reflect and grieve and pray for the victims.", "Another mass shooting supported by the Republican party. \n\nIt's been Republican's signature accomplishment to prevent any discussion of policies, let alone action, to limit guns and violence in the US.", "Has everybody forgotten about President John F. Kennedy who was shot from a building window on November 22, 1963?  The shooter had issues and murdered a great man.  The Texas governor was also shot.  ", "What well regulated militia was the gunman a member of ?", "Again, my heart is heavy, and I'm offended by the lack of movement toward sensible control of weaponry and those to whom we issue licenses to use or carry.  When will the number of deaths reach a tipping point?  When will we wrest control of this issue from the NRA and gun enthusiasts?  When will we do the right thing?  This sense of powerlessness is only an illusion.  We have complete control of this issue.", "Actually, Donald, those were rather cold condolences.\n\nIt is difficult to fake sympathy and empathy.", "Driving in the desert in Nevada within the city limits I have seen people firing automatic weapons into couches, children holding rifles carelessly waiving them in the direction of our car, and men practicing with what looked like a sniper rifle.  When will we admit that the problem is guns and the people with a sick fascination with them.", "Do not use the killers name. Just do not , thats what the killer wanted. ", "Friendly reminder for everyone calling for gun control - the United States government is the largest weapons exporter in the world.", "We are so lucky that Trump added more predominantly-Muslim countries to the no-travel list to keep us safe. ", "CLEARLY, the gunman is a white man, 50 Dead, 400+ to the hospital, and not one word, thus far, about his race (including NPR); therefore, a white man. I've just awakened, and I must say this fellow is certainly receiving sympathetic treatment right out of the box; not neutral treatment, but treatment of the, \"Oh, my,\" variety. \n\nThe racism runs so deep, \"terrorism\" is only mentioned as a possibility (it's a \"Shooting\"): 50 dead, 400+. Why not, parse, discuss. \n\n\"Now is not the time.\"\n\"Of course.\" (Tomorrow won't be either.)\n\nThere may be separate stems but there's only one bomb--US; and we won't escape the explosion. We are experiencing, I think, a kind of national psychosis or tribal regression, the dinosaur affect of weeding out in response to warp speed structural change. Like dinosaurs, Trumpists \"can't get there from here\"; so, subconsciously, they seek a destructive cleaning; probably in the form of a nuclear war. \n\nOf course, it will all be God's work because Man won't accept responsibility for a damn thing: It's either God or Satan.", "Local  Republican Congressman says 'now is not the time for politics', becoming the despicable mantra after tragedies when they are asked about what (gun control finally?) could be done to lessen this type of mass shooting in the future.\n\nThe murdered Sandy Hook children  didn't move Republicans, either.\n\nThis lone gunman had about ten weapons includng rifles with him.", "The 50 dead are just the beginning. Among the 400 hospitalized undoubtedly there are large numbers of people as grievously wounded as was Steve Scalise. People confined to wheelchairs, missing limbs, enduring lifetimes of further complications, hospitalizations, and ruined lives. ", "Until this country realizes that vigorously enforced gun control  along with the elimination of the NRA this will unfortunately continue to happen. In this country any one can obtain a gun, even this lunatic.", "Let\u2019s recall that Trump Junior is pushing legislation to relax restrictions on sale of silencers, \u201cto protect hearing in hunters\u201d.\n\nI hope Trump senior and congress notice that if this shooter had silencers it would have been harder to identify and neutralize the source of gunfire. People would have just been dropping without explanation. ", "I'm nearing the point where I almost don't want to live is this country any more.", "The only politically possible response to such massacres is to slightly reduce the lethality of guns. When these events occur, the most obvious elephant in the room is the horrific damage these military weapons do to human bodies. At Sandy Hook this issue was never discussed publicly, although the parents certainly were well aware of how badly the children's bodies were torn up.  There was more awareness in the case of Steve Scalise, since one bullet that hit near his hips did ferocious damage and almost killed him. Arguments from gun owners that military grade weapons are needed is absurd. Guns can be used for target practice, hunting and self defense. None of these uses require the ability of high velocity tumbling rounds that tear huge holes in the human body. Indeed the only defense that can be made for such capabilities are that it is great fun for teenage males to shoot watermelons and other body like targets and watch the great explosions. I dont know what weapons this guy had, but likely the huge carnage was related to the capabilities of the guns he used.", "The weapon of choice in Europe now is a bus or truck.  How will we handle that situation?  ", "Assault rifles aren't even allowed to be called that anymore in our society. Police have taken to calling them long rifles and the news media quoting the police often now pick up the term and it sounds to the public as if the people firing them are firing a seven round bolt action hunting rifle. Assault, though they do...\n\nIt is a conscious technique to keep \"law abiding\" gun owners' feelings from being injured. But who cares about their feelings? Their support of the NRA is one of an enabler. The NRA fight sensible laws. In the process they put up so many straw men in arguments, they can make even President Trump sound like a logical, reasonable fellow.\n\nWe have a failure to govern here and we expect that nothing will come from it.  As all Americans know, the carnage in Las Vegas  is now a number that will be surpassed someday, and it will be an American's finger on the trigger that does it... \n\nNot much more we can say at the moment except Blessings to the victims and their grieving friends and families...", "What if Paddock, like Charles Whitman, had a brain tumor that affected his ability to control his impulses?  At this point it's too early to say that it was terrorism, and, frankly, too early to say it was an act of \"pure evil.\"  That leaves people running to blame guns, but we know the arguments of both sides well, we know the political reality, and we know the cold hard fact that America is bristling with weaponry to the point that talk of gun control makes little sense. All I have left when these tragedies occur is to read about and cherish the lives led by the victims.", "What happens in the future if and when events like this are no longer front page news?  Meaning, they are so commonplace occurrences that they are not news worthy.  Sandy Hook was less than five years ago, and the fact is we have moved on.  We have done nothing.  The slaughter of 26 first graders simply was not enough to do a single thing to do anything to curb mass shootings in America.  In fact, gun laws are less restrictive today than ever before.\n\nVirginia Tech, Sandy Hook and now Mandalay Bay are America's new and accepted, if not endorsed reality.  Our legislators at the state and federal level are going to give speeches, and then do nothing.  But it is all of us that have accepted that mass murder is part and parcel of American society...how we define our greatness.  This is who we are.", "we don't need your prayers, we need gun control", "And now Trump's speech?  I must have missed the part about gun control.", "Just listened to Trump's speech. Perfectly acceptable, and perfectly useless. Hypocritically invoking God numerous times. Prayers prayers prayers. Not a word about the real cause of this tragedy: easy access to guns. Not a word about preventing such tragedies in the future by controlling guns. Not a word about actually doing something that will reduce the carnage: gun control.", "There is no multiple-source investigation; therefore no authenticated, verified facts.  Without facts. there are no logical deductions.  ", "A different take\nIt seems economy always changes everything.\nAll Americans should for a month stop traveling, stop going to the malls, stop going to the concerts, stop going to the public events, stop going to sports venues, in short stop going any where except work and grocery shopping. The economy will suffer so much that then our politicians will start into despicable gun laws.", "I have always believed that our country deserves to have a travel ban placed upon us. That is, tourists from other countries should be advised to not visit the USA because of the danger of mass shootings and gun violence.  That applies especially to places like Florida (Disney World), Las Vegas, and really anywhere in America. Only when the pocketbooks of our tourist industries are negatively affected may we finally see sensible gun control laws enacted and enforced.", "Let's see how the GOP handles the bill in the US House (to be voted on this week) to erase the ban on gun silencers.\nMy bet is they'll quietly table it, write lots of sympathy statements and then try to pass the bill quietly later.\nAstonishing and sickening, but just watch.  ", "Just another reminder that all assault rifle gun-owners are law-abiding assault rifle gun owners -- until they aren't.\n\nI do confess to some curiosity on how the \"good guy with a gun\" crowd are going to spin this particular incident.  They sure have their work cut out for them in this particular set of circumstances, but I have absolutely no doubt that they'll come up with something.", "Some people point out that laws restricting gun ownership don't stop shootings in those places that have those laws.\n\nIt is now worth pointing out that states with very lax gun regulation don't make people safer either.", "I understand that there will never be a day the second amendment is removed from the constitution and I wouldn't want it to be. The right to protect yourself is a necessity however, all states need to review their gun laws. Last year we witnessed the worse gun shooting in modern America. Today it has been replaced in only the span of a little over a year. Attacks are only getting worse and we need to at least attempt in trying to prevent any future attacks the best way we can. There is no reason for an American citizen to have the ability to own a automatic machine gun with a magazine clip over 10 bullets.", "I don't care what your stance on guns or the 2nd Amendment is. If you are against enacting laws that could help prevent this, then you are against Americans. It is long past time to give more attention to the \"well-regulated\" part of the 2nd Amendment.", "don't forget that the anti-silencer bill is set to be voted on this week. Might be a good time to let our reps know what we think of the idea of a weaponized country, with suppressors at the end of a rifle. Or handgun.\n I am deeply, deeply saddened by this attack on innocents. Somehow some way, we need to step back, take a breath. Ideologies without room for compassion or compromise are choking us. No better way to honor the lives of victims of mass shootings, gun violence, than to bring compassion AND our voices to those in power who can slow the gun movement down. ", "What is there to say? Kindergarteners are murdered en masse and nothing changes. College students are murdered en masse and nothing changes. Toddlers playing, family members coming home late, and other random people die or are maimed, one by one, every day, and nothing changes. \n\nNothing will change this time, either. Most Americans want to change gun laws, but the wealthy lobbyists don't, so nothing will change this time or in the near future, except the names of the victims. ", "Growing up in the fifties, the NRA was a respectable organization.  It was all about gun safety and being responsible about the use of guns.  When did it become an organization which supports terrorism?  Because that is exactly what it does.  When is someone going to say that?  They have taken over Congress with their rating of Congressmen and women.  Why are we captive to the gun manufacturers who use the NRA to peddle their weapons of mass destruction?  When is the NRA going to be held responsible, via their pushing for ever more lax guns laws through their control of people in Congress, for the acts of terrorism visited upon us?  When are those people in Congress in the pockets of the NRA going to be held responsible for supporting lax guns laws?\nWe need to speak through our votes against those who have high ratings from the NRA.  It is the only avenue open to us.\nMy very sincere condolences to the families and friends of those who were killed and injured in this act of pure malevolence.  ", "Based on my analysis from what is known so far, I can say that the mass shooter Mr. Paddock, a baby boomer, age 63 and an owner of multiple long range automatic rifles, who ultimately shot himself was most likely depressed. In a recent chapter co-authored by me and published in June 2017 in a Nova publisher book, we listed the 10 leading causes of death, one of those 10 causes was depression culminating in suicide. Little did we know that we were inadvertently warning the world to look out for mentally challenged/depressed baby boomers with a capacity to harm others and self. ENOUGH IS ENOUGH. Get the guns out of the hands and possession of those most like to shoot and kill innocent people. At least be able to tag every deadly weapon in the country so that it can be monitored by satellites or drones if such guns are been moved to public places (outside of residential homes). Local law enforcement officers can then be alerted if such a movement of automatic rifles are in their vicinity and promptly confiscated after questioning the owner about the reason for transporting such guns. All the presidents before Trump failed to stop gun violence, Trump has to act to take guns out of the hands of irresponsible people with mental issues or hatred towards their fellow human beings.", "I am shocked that they could have such an event without at lest 4 sharp shooters placed high up around the venue and ready to take out an attacker.  ", "How many times must a man look up, before he can see the sky?\nHow many ears must one man have, before he can hear people cry?\nHow many deaths will it take till he knows that too many people have died?\nThe answer my friend is blowing in the wind, the answer is blowing in the wind.\n\nI remember singing this in third-grade class (1965) and believing that if someone could write such a song there must be hope for the world, that war would yield to peace and no more lives end in assassination, that fairness and compassion would bloom in our nation.\n\nI was eight, I was naive, OK.  But the lesson of our nation's \"evolution\" could not be more bitter.", "I hope that the families of these victims, and the survivors themselves, can one day find a measure of peace in the aftermath of this horrendous incident. Can we have sensible gun control laws now, elected officials?  You owe that to the people who lived through this, the families who lost loved ones, and all the other people slaughtered in past mass shootings that have plagued this nation for years.  Anything less in unacceptable and insulting to the victims and to the American public.", "Put a tax stamp on any weapon that can hold over a ten round magazine. This will in effect register them and as with SBR\u2019s (short barrel rifles like Uzi\u2019s and MacTens) people will lose interest in them. Do not try to criminalize any owners of the above or try to confiscate existing ones. It\u2019s a hard pill to swallow for both sides of the gun isssue but it\u2019s the only thing that can be done.\n\nSee Section 2, Article 14 of the US Constitution. ", "How does one bring \"In excess of 10 rifles\" into a resort hotel without attracting the attention of hotel security or law enforcement? ", "The \"Texas Tower Sniper\" took place over 50 years ago and likewise involved a sniper shooting down at a dense number of unsuspecting people in an urban setting.  That sniper killed 17 people in an event that unfolded over more than 90 minutes.  And it was (rightly) considered horrifying.\n\nSo 50 years we can't claim we are \"surprised\" that someone likewise found a high point above a dense crowd and started shooting.  And, given the mass killings that have routinely occurred since then with ever more powerful and faster weapons, the increase in numbers of people killed and wounded in the blink of an eye.", "More proof that having a gun cannot defend you from someone else with a gun.  The entire population at this venue could have been armed and it wouldn't have mattered.  We have to stop this illogic that guns make us safer.", "It was sickening to watch Rep. Scalise receive a standing ovation when he returned to the House.  Big deal - he was shot.  Join the club and welcome to reality.  Then I made the mistake of watching his interview on 60 Minutes last night.  You would think he was a wounded returning war hero.  I was hoping he would mention assault gun control - but no such luck.  This is a man that voted \"yes\" to repeal Obamacare every single time.  To think that the left-leaning people are called \"elite\" makes my head spin.", "When I visited Denmark, the owner of our B&amp;B said to us, \"No one in any civilized country in the world can understand the gun laws of the US.\" I felt so ashamed to be an American. Maybe this is more important than an empty symbol like our flag.", "Guarantee: Not one gun law or regulation will change as a result of this shooting. But if the shooter had been Muslim, right now Trump would be tweeting about evil, there'd be a further crackdown on immigration and immigrants from Muslim nations, and Congress would be contemplating a mass curtailing of various rights in the name of \"keeping us safe.\" The hypocrisy and racism behind gun control policy in this country is a disgrace.", "There were fewer fatalities and casualties among US marines in many battles during the Vietnam war. ", "The whole idea that Americans need guns because of \"self-defense\" is ridiculous and paradoxical. It's clearer than day that more lives are taken than protected because of firearms. And in cases of domestic terrorism like this, which are becoming deadlier and happening at an alarming frequency, no number of people conceal-carrying handguns for \"self-defense\" can stop a madman who's set his mind on killing as many people as he possibly can. We don't live in TV Land where a brave civilian with a gun can single-handedly stop terrorist attacks in under 24 hours. But the NRA is powered by greed and corruption, which will always trump common sense and goodwill.\n\nThe conservative right wing terror mongers and feeds the irrational rage and hatred of half of our nation, then serves them an outlet for their violent rage on a silver platter. Just so they can stay in power.\n\nHow far will we let the violence escalate until an action, any action, is taken?", "C'mon Republicans, step up !   GOP politicians are all invited to drop by my house cause I can see Mandalay Bay from my living room.  Oh thank goodness our beloved president is about to come on TV and comfort the nation. I'm sure he'll remind us that no-one should \"attempt to politicize\" this shooting. Surely now is not the time to blame our Second Amendment right to own an arsenal of machines guns !  Oh that darn drive-by hysterical media, calm down already, what did they expect in our wonderfully divided country.  I think I'll wander over and hit the slots this morning.", "Gun control needs to become an issue in the 2020 election.", "In February of this year Trump lifted the Obama-era ban on selling firearms to the mentally ill. Thank you, Mr. President, your priorities are right on...target. ", "Gun control, please.  And the sight of Roy Moore being cheered at Alabama  campaign rally as he gains clear path to U.S. Senate is indeed chilling.", "The man had a machine gun which are illegal and which a determined bad individual will always find a way to obtain.  We are not an island like Britain....our borders are porous obviously.  If drugs can cross the border every single day, I would think machine gun traffickers can also.  Laws do stop good people from getting guns...N.J. has almost no one carrying except police.  We will not search bad neighborhoods and known felons without probable cause...ergo bad people will always be able to get guns and carry them....and sell them to guys like this.  Our search laws are part of the problem.  They establish a kind of freedom for illegal weapons which these were.", "The woman who he lives with \"has been cleared,\" but given she was apparently traveling with him how could she not have noticed he had an arsenal in his hotel room?  ", "The NRA and its supporters claim armed citizens thwart shooters all the time, but those incidents do not get reported. If the NRA really believes its argument, why does it actively fight attempts to provide statistical verification: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/storyline/wp/2015/01/14/why-the-cdc-...?", "What's doubly sad is majority of victims in this kind of mass shootings are young people.  ", "And in a blink of an eye, Puerto's crisis is forgotten.  ", "Is it the shooter who is the terrorist  or the country Gone Nuts with laws that permit citizens to own and carry weapons to kill at will!", "Since most of our mass murderers are white males, shouldn't Trump be banning white males from entering the US? ", "But, hey, Roy Moore is armed and ready to ride to the rescue if this happens anywhere near him.", "NO ONE armed with their own personal open or concealed-carried gun could have stopped this man. He was 1700 feet from the scene, ensconced in a protected position 32 stories above, and using military grade weapons. An armed citizen would NEVER have a chance to stop this man. So, no way is the answer to arm more citizens!\n\nCOMMOM SENSE GUN CONTROL NOW!!!", "Americans pray too much.\n\nHope is no strategy. Deeds are.\n\nEliminate the sick gun culture. ", "Human beings as a species are truly evil. I don't know what else to say. I'm very, very sorry to hear about yet another mass shooting in our country. ", "We need to force Republicans to explain to us over and over why they think it's OK for crazy people to buy machine guns.  It's all on them.  ", "Remember, 500 years ago European immigrants came on ships with their guns, bibles and diseases and killed off the Indians on both continents.  Guns still rule in the Americas.   ", "What is happening in the United States that these shooting massacres are a seemingly regular part of life in the USA?  Everything has a cause & everything occurs for a reason. The reason lies in something more than just the permissive gun regulation laws that is at the basis of these massacres. It's the mind of the people who use these guns to massacre humans, & their belief systems that is at issue here. There is something in the American culture & its way of life that facilitates & stimulates these killings. What is it? Is it America's belief in war & killing to solve complex societal problems? Is it stimulated violence in sports, TV, films etc.?  Is it a lack of a homogenous national cultural heritage which fosters peace & cooperation? Is it an inherent disrespect for life as evidenced by the death penalty still in force in many states, the disrespect for human life in general as evidenced by, to take one example, the ease of fetal abortions etc.? There is an acceptance of killing & a disrespect for human life & its preciousness that is  the basis of these killings, & it lies at a deep cultural & societal level that inculcates in its citizen\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s minds the apparent rightness of  resorting to the use of killing other human beings as an acceptable response to some problem. America must examine its soul on these issues if it wants to put an end to this slaughter. These incidents are a symptom of something gravely wrong with the American culture, its beliefs & it's life style.", "A proud day for the NRA and conservatives everywhere in this embarassment of a country. ", "$200 can buy you a stamp to own full-auto rifle. Let's never forget - this is America - land of guns, what do you expect", "A reminder: Most of our mass shootings are conducted by white males born in America.", "@SurrealDonaldJTrump:\n\nBeautiful American weapons misused, a tragedy.\n\nSad.", "\"My warmest condolences?\" That's what DT tweeted. He's so quick to inject himself into terrorist attacks in Europe. But foreign leaders have offered a measured response to this act of terrorism on American soil. Because it is an act of terrorism. If the mass murderer is white, we skip immediately to the \"mental illness\" excuse. Heaven forbid we begin to paint all white men as potential mass murderers. In America, black men are criminals. Muslims are terrorists. But white mass murderers are lone wolf individuals, with mental illnesses. ", "A suggestion to all responsible gun owners: QUIT THE NRA. The NRA doesn't represent you. The NRA is accountable for a lot of what just happened...again.\nAgain and again and again. \n\nSeparate yourself from that group. Gun-owner friends of mine quit the NRA long ago, calling them a bunch of wackos. ", "Man it appear that Orlando has produced the 1st and 2nd most deadly shooters in American History!...Gotta love Florida!", "We are a sick and sinful nation. ", "Okay. Time to NOT talk about the gunman's gun(s). Fully automatic assault rifle(s)?? I'll be curious to see how the NRA/Death Industry spins this. I mean, how would a \"good guy with a gun\" (civilian -- not law enforcement) have stopped this \"bad man with a gun\". Just askin'... Don't shoot.", "SO sad!... I thought Sandy Hook would spark change, now 50+ more! It's all too heartbreaking, nobody but a soldier needs an automatic. If you really want guns, you should be limited to the guns available back when your 'right to bare arms' was given. In Australia we have changed our laws and banned ALL automatics, semi-auto and most other guns, and this doesn't happen here. Why would you need a machine gun? To defend your home?\nNumber of homes defended: ?\nversus\nNumber of people massacred: ???????\nPlease......\nnyTIMEs FOR CHANGE!", "Why isn't Trump calling this dead shooter Stephen Paddock, who killed more than 50 people and injured more than 200 concert goers in Las Vegas, a \"terrorist\" ?\nOnly because this mass shooter looks just like Trump. A White Christian.\n\nIf this guy was a Muslim, Trump would've called him a terrorist and blamed all the Muslims in this country and labelled all of them \"Islamic terrorists\".\nAnd called for ban of entry of all the Muslims in this country. \n\nWe do not want a totally racist president as Trump is in this country.\n\nThe Democrats should stop all cooperation with him and must try to remove him from power as there is no other racist individual in this country as Trump is.", "I am listening to the radio and over and over I hear people saying we are still looking for motives. Why do we care about the killer's motives? How does that matter which kind of crazy he was?\nThis guy wanted to kill and the gun laws fully enabled him to do so as efficiently as he could. Period.", "NO LAW ABIDING CITIZEN NEEDS A MACHINE GUN.!\n\nThe N.R.A. and its GOP enablers will spin this this way and that. If only those victims had been carrying machine guns, they'll say. And the victims pile up. School children, concertgoers, GOP representatives. It doesn't matter. NOTHING will get done as long as N.R. A. money buys congressional votes. And the Dems are not blameless either. Many of them are afraid to anger the N. R. A. The number of victims of gun violence and domestic gun terrorism is staggering. Yet politicians bow their heads, utter empty words of sympathy and welcome the next N.R.A. lobbyist who comes knocking with a bag of money. \n\nIF YOUR LEGISLATOR WILL NOT OPPOSE ASSAULT WEAPONS, VOTE HIM/HER OUT!\nThis needs to be a litmus test.", "I propose that we repeal and replace the 2nd amendment.  ", "I am angry , very angry against the GOP and their collusion with NRA and the armament lobbies .\nI am cynically and sarcastically saying that while the GOP is against abortion , the same party is for widespread ownership of firearms , therefore their \"population control \" is being achieved by allowing killing of  innocent bystanders, schoolchildren, moviegoers , office workers etc .\nThe GOP  hypocrisy is catastrophic to the lives of many Americans.\nNot to mention the GOP  profound allergy to provide US citizens adeguate mental health care .\nPresident Obama tried unrelentlessly to put forward  legislation to curb ownership of firearm , but the blind and immoral GOP turned it down .\nThe killings will get worse and we will get used to this abomination.", "Another great day for the NRA. How many gun enthusiasts fearful of regulation will write checks to the NRA today? Make America Gun-saturated Again. This is Trump's America.", "Where was the good guy guy with a gun? Wouldn't have made a difference would it. The guy was shooting fish in a barrel just cause he could. And I am sure he had no problem getting his guns and ammo. ", "Gosh, I think I heard about a mass shooting at a church a week or two ago. Not much in the news the day after it happened. So it goes...and by the way, be sure to send thoughts and prayers. That'll help.", "Condolences and sympathies are cheap.  Bucking the NRA costs real campaign finance dollars!", "Stop the guns. Can the US government ever do the right thing? President saying \"warmest condolences\"? What is warm about condolences? Adjectives have to be carefully chosen. But that requires empathy and some education.", "Terrible and horrifying. No amount of gun ownership in the crowd averted this shooting or brought it to an end nor will this shooting bring about sensible gun control nor is this an immigrant from a banned country. An American practicing domestic terrorism but GOP will say move along, there's no problem here.", "I've become apprehensive about travelling to Europe's great capitals because of terrorism. Even so I feel much safer there than in the USA, where anyone, just anyone, can legally buy an AUTOMATIC, military-grade weapon, and as many rounds of ammunition as he wants, and carry them around openly.   \n\n(By the way, when you're just randomly shooting peoplee it's terror but it's not terrorism. Terrorism implies a political goal. I seriously doubt IS had anything to do with this, despite their claims.)", "Just another of America's gun shootings where a mass of people are killed and maimed.  Move on - nothing to see here.  Trump is telling Tillerson not to waste his time trying to negotiate/talk to Kim, so to anyone who feels numb and confused about all this and don't understand the underlying cause, this all will seem like trivia very soon.  Nuclear war always brings rapt attention from all concerned.", "The sound of the rat-a-tat automatic gunfire raining down on innocent concert goers in Las Vegas reminds me of what the National Rifle Association would say about this: \u201cIf only those country music fans had carried guns, they could have defended themselves\u201d.  Yeah, right. A sniper was raining death from above with an assault rifle using 20 round or more magazines. It was like shooting fish in a barrel; he did not even have to aim to kill innocent strangers, people he could not have even known enough to hate.\nHaving more guns would not have solved or prevented this mass murder. Having fewer guns, especially assault weapons and ammo, would have.  After all, this deranged guy lived the dream of assault gun owners: getting to use his carefully cradled weapon of war and boxes of ammo by shooting at people. After all, that is the purpose of an assault weapon, to kill people whether in war or in Las Vegas. ", "The general cant of the NRA and their allies runs: \"guns don't kill people; people kill people.\" Yeah, that's true. And we do have instances of deranged or angry people stabbing multiple victims. But how many people can you kill with a knife from the 32nd floor of a hotel?\n\nSo the saying should run: \"People do sometimes kill people. And they can kill so many more with a gun.\" Make no mistake: by the sound of the firing on videos of this horrendous carnage, the gun in question was fully automatic.\n\nFinally, we should ask \"If members of the crowd had guns with them, would they be able to stop the carnage?\" The answer is no. They just weren't going to be able to protect themselves from somebody firing an automatic weapon down into their midst from great height.", "Gun advocates feel this is an acceptable price to pay to preserve their second amendment rights.  ", "The solution is obvious; if not done, many more of this new mode of mass killing will be copied by mentally ill people as well as terrorists.  Automatic weapons should be banned for the public's safety. Our President should show his concern for the American public by promptly launching such a critically  needed action. Consider the result if this type of action was done in many of our cities, including New York.", "How many more have to die before the likes of the NRA see reason? Rounds of bullets raining down on a crowd from above, it is the stuff of nightmares! This would never have happened if we had common sense gun control. And once again, Trump would rather appear devoid of basic compassion than anger his misinformed base. ", "I'm not buying it- how many times did Trump say pray and God in his speech just now? And quoting scripture?!? And he throws in the \"lowering our great flag to half mast\". Why does it feel as if he is pandering to his conservative Christian base?", "To the Republican legislature who have made it easier to buy guns, to the so-called president who endorses it, to the Republican Congress and particularly Senator Duncan who is pushing for legalized use of silencers; I SINCERELY DOUBT YOUR CONDOLENCES.  These are empty words and meaningless platitudes.  Finally the worst offender, the NRA, who will now ramp up its efforts to sell more guns and make bushels of money.  God Bless America.", "Wasn't the return of Steve Scalise to Congress enough to wake it up and ban assault weapons?", "The PR department of the National Rifle Association is crafting its crafty lame excuse (not our fault there are unbalanced people who can get hold of automatic weapons, blah blah blah)  as we all comment on this senseless tragedy (or as Paul Krassner might have said, is there such a thing as a sensible murder?). If this guy's brother is \"dumbfounded,\" then why bother with a thorough investigation? He snapped because of some unknown wrong and decided that he would take as many lives as possible to soothe his own pain. What more do we want to know? What more do we have to know.", "And our illustrious republicans in congress are now fighting for making gun silencers more easily available.  I cannot understand any reason for this.  \n\nBy the time you hear the gun and/or the bullet, either it has missed you or you are dead. Bullets travel faster than the speed of sound.\n\nHaving a silenced gun will will make it harder for the police to track down where a shooter is.  Just imagine if this was the case in Las Vegas.\n\nWhat is driving this insanity?", "We need to stop allowing the NRA and its followers to hide behind the 2nd amendment.  Otherwise, we really are allowing this to become the new norm.  Stop voting for candidates who take money from the NRA, and who don't support reasonable gun restrictions.  ", "Donald Trump, who all but invited someone to shoot Hillary Clinton, who encourages violence by civilians and law enforcement officers, and whose political rallies were more like mob scenes than peaceful gatherings, has nothing to say to this country on this. The best thing he can do is keep his mouth shut, while the rest of us hope that the beneficiaries of the gun lobby and the NRA in Congress finally find some courage. But I agree with others who have invoked the Sandy Hook shooting: If 20-plus dead kindergartners and their teachers, piled up like cordwood, can't move this country to act on gun control, nothing will. ", "This is what happens when the militia is unregulated.", "When will you ever learn? More deaths because of no gun control. No closing of the gun show loophole. No restriction on having assault weapons. No limit on the mentally ill purchasing guns. No restrictions on cop killer bullets. No limit on magazine size. No limit to bolt action only but semiautomatic and fully automatic. Don\u2019t bother contacting your Congressman or Senators, they\u2019re paid by, and lobbying for, the NRA and gun manufacturers; and you\u2019ll reelect them. When will you ever learn? ", "I'm exhausted and sickened by yet another act of domestic terrorism.  But I also sickened and exhausted by the empty biblical platitudes just offered by President Trump.  Yes, I know that people in the political sphere need to provide comfort.  But this business of praying sound just so empty in the face of this needless slaughter, and those politicians who hide behind God and yet support the NRA and the gun lobbyists have nothing less than blood on their hands.  \n\nIt's maddening!  I don't want the President to just offer prayers.  I want an accounting, an acknowledgement that the Second Amendment has limits in a modern world with advanced, high-powered weapons technology, and a plan of action.  You want to spout off about 'love' in our society, President Trump?  Then take a stand to ban deadly weapons and easy access to ammunition, which makes a mockery of all such biblical maxims.", "We should take a \u201ctravel ban\u201d approach to the right to bear arms. \n\nGo big up front, with across-the-board bans on purchasing, carrying, and transporting weapons and ammunition.  Institute strict background checks and mental health rules immediately. \n\nBut make it all temporary.  Gradually scale back the limitations at 3 month intervals as we figure out the whole situation. \n\nIn an emergency, you have to protect the highest-priority rights first.  That means life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.  No one is happy, at liberty, or alive when being fired on by an assault rifle-wielding murderer.", "Now that \"Vietnam\" is over, go back and watch the Frontline documentary \"Gunned Down\", and see how we arrived here. \n\nThis is our new war.  It is terrorism, from abroad and domestic terrorism. Bombs are hard to make and difficult to hide. But here in NRAmerica, you can easily get high powered weapons. \n\nJust follow the money and the power. Nixon lied about Vietnam and Johnson lied by omission. He was unwilling to say that he knew Nixon had illegally intervened in the war and committed treason before the election, because he didn't want to admit he had bugged Nixon. It's the willingness to get people killed for selfish reasons. 58,000 total for Johnson, Nixon and Kennedy, and millions of Vietnamese, Cambodians and others. \n\nThe cigarette people were willing to lie and get people killed for money. Now it's the NRA and their money. Money for gun manufacturers, money for politicians. It's about the money and the power. We think these things only happen in places like Syria. Here it is, happening in the place many think is the greatest on Earth. \n\nIt will take the kind of anti war protest that occurred during the Vietnam war to stop this. Is that possible? I wonder. ", "Another raging tragedy brought about by a gunman firing on a crowd of innocent people: for the next week in the 24-hour news cycle there will be outrage, calls that 'something MUST be done about guns!', and heartbreaking profiles of victims by their devastated families, and the outcome will be...absolutely nothing. My heart is with the traumatised survivors and with the families of those  who died senselessly. ", "And the NRA's defense of \"too much gun control already!\" in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ...\n\nHow many times does this have to happen? I fear that the answer is, \"It will always happen. It keeps happening. Why should it not continue to happen?\" The gun lobby has everyone by the short hairs. Nothing will change.   \n\nI don't even care to listen to whatever Our Fearless Leader has been told to say on the matter. It will be the usual blather. Our hearts go out. This is a terrible tragedy (Note: Is there any other kind of tragedy besides \"terrible\"?). Our sympathies are with the victims and their families. (Note: The victims who were killed can't do much with sympathy at this point.)\n\nI'm so angry that this has happened again. Surprised? No. But infuriated. \n\nAnd after all the outrage and sorrow have settled down into business as usual, what will happen? What will change? What will improve?\n\nNothing.", "The reason our Supreme Court says that we can all have guns is that we have a $10 billion gun industry in this country. The word 'gun' does not appear in the Constitution or the Bill of Rights. The 2nd Amendment guarantees that states can have well regulated militias, not that psychos can have machine guns.\n\nFurther evidence: we have lots of laws prohibiting keeping and bearing arms. You can't point a Howitzer at your neighbor. You can't own yellow cake uranium. You can't store anthrax at your home. \n\nAnd the best reason: the 35,000 people who die every year. \n\nIt's insane.", "Dear Mr. Trump. \n\nYou said after the Bataclan concert shooting in Paris (100 killed) that if you'd been there with a gun you'd have stopped it after the first shots were fired. You're my hero! You'd have stopped this Vegas shooting, too, wouldn't you! A shame you weren't there to save everybody. After all, nothing stops a bad guy with a gun except a good guy with a gun!\n\nOne question, though. Since Stephen Paddock had no record of crime or mental illness, didn't he appear to be that wondrous savior, the good guy with a gun? Until, of course, he didn't act so good. How can we tell in advance? Surely in your wisdom you can tell these things, but for us mere mortals, please advise.\n\nSincerely, your biggest fan. You're my hero!", "A question to the NRA: to which \"well-regulated militia\" did this shooter belong, so as to trigger his 2nd Amendment rights?", "Okay gun enthusiasts, there were armed police present, the proverbial good guys with guns. So why didn't they stop this guy after the first shots were fired? What's that? He was firing from a covered high point? Oh, well, then I guess we need armed security at that door to every classroom on every campus in the country, in every hotel room, in every theater, on every corner of Chicago, and in every room in every workplace. That should do it, right?\n\nStop the madness folks. Gun ownership is a disease.", "In the words of Trump...this was the biggest, most destructive and beautiful shooting. ", "This guy could check into Mandalay Bay with \u201cin excess of 10 rifles.\u201d I picture the bellman, gun cases in his cart, riding the elevator upstairs. Does anybody even question this anymore?", "America's current gun laws are worthless are sad. There are no magic wands when our country has 300 million+ guns in our households, but we must start with stricter gun-control laws to make it really, really, really strict and effective laws to stop this kind of massacre from ever happening again. Now, this wishful thinking aside, I am cognizant that when Sandy Hook massacre of little kids could not shake our politicians to do the right thing here, nothing really will do!", "Hug your loved ones, hug your fluffy pets, tell the people you love that you love them, do something fun today. It can all be gone in an instant. My prayers go out to all affected by this. It is another terrible human tragedy.\nbtw, why is Trump waiting until Wednesday to visit them? ", "I know, this being the New York Times and the people here being New York Times readers, the laser-focus will be on guns. By all accounts the gun used, a machine gun, is almost impossible to get, but all of this is besides the real point. the real question is why did this man, one of our fellow Americans suddenly decide after 64 years of life in this country to suddenly murder innocent strangers.\n   Everything about this incident was calculated, one feels the killer had a goal in mind to become famous by becoming the greatest mass murderer in American history, he did all he could do to create the highest kill ratio possible. He even made sure to strike on a Sunday night, because he knew everybody would be talking about him at work on Monday. what other reason could he have for picking a country music concert other than the large outdoor crowd afforded him the most possible victims to fire on. A concert set under Hotel windows is a rare thing...and his opportunity.\n  What caused this massacre, what was going through the shooters mind, what was the motive, was it really to become famous, to have movies made about him, books written about him, to have his name go down in the record book, to carve out a certain level of immortal fame, to join the dark celebrity crowd, Bundy, Gacy, Dahmer and the rest, to be the star of his own horror movie.\n  No matter what else is true the killer was made in America and by the American culture that loves violence.  ", "I would ask every NRA member who attended the festival, who ran from the rain of bullets, who shielded a wounded friend, who transported strangers to triage - - call the NRA and share with them your thoughts on what they can do to help solve the problem.  Don't let them continue to profit from your terror and the terror others experienced.", "America proves once again that it values the spurious \"right to bear firearms\" more than people.\n\nSavage people; savage culture; savage lives.", "Trump offers his \"warmest condolences and sympathies.\" ", "Let's see how Trump divides the nation with this.", "Gun/ammo sales will be on the upswing today. Especially military-grade models. ", "I wake up this morning to shocking heartache for the victims in Las Vegas, their families, and out country.\n\nI also feel very angry. This country is flooded with guns, and no one is safe. A simple Country Music concert turns into a war zone. \n\nWe cannot live like this as a nation. I\u2019m sick of this. \n\n20 children in Newtown; nothing happens to cure this national health emergency. 50 in Orlando; nothing happens; Congressmen, the very ones aiding domestic terrorism like this, shot at a baseball park; nothing happens. \n\nNow this. What will happen now? ", "Tragic and awful. Now please some sensible gun control? Evan armed concert goers are no match against a madman on the upper floors of a high rise. Unless the gun lobby wants us to be armed with RPGs and HMs.", "99.9999% of Country music fans are 2nd-amendment supporters and gun-rights advocates and voters of the Republican Party, who tirelessly work to put guns into anyone\u2019s hand who desires it.", "Congressmen are shot on a baseball field.  Children are massacred in their classrooms.  People at night clubs and concerts fall victim to active shooters.\n\nWhat will it take to put brakes on the Second Amendment?  The Las Vegas gunman used a fully automatic weapon and had others in his arsenal.  A semi-automatic weapon can be easily converted to fully automatic by inserting a modification that anyone can buy on the Internet.\n\nSadly, even as we read about the carnage last night in Las Vegas, there is another nutcase oiling up his rifle for the next attack.  Time to elect politicians who have the courage to take on the NRA.", "More fuel for them that think our rights to bear arms should be took away from us. Lets not forget guns don't kill people, people kill people it's the person who pulls the trigger. We need to put more into people metal health than anything. Banding guns won't work, if someone wants one there will always be a way to get one.", "Every time this happens, the thought that pops into my mind is that I'm sure the shooter must have been immensely grateful to live in a country where the NRA and all the people - citizens, legislators, gun manufacturers, gun zealots, judges, Supreme Court justices - who have seen fit to elevate their flawed interpretation of the Second Amendment above every other law in the land hold such complete sway. The resulting utterly unfettered availability of whatever equipment any deadly, evil, political, restless, insane, bored, curious impulse to kill a lot of people needs to satisfy itself absolutely ensures that no shooter need ever stress out over not being able to fully satisfy their terrible need to kill. ", "This horror will be chewed on by the talking heads for a week and we will dissect Trumps tweets to the Nth degree. We will then move on to the next horror that this administration will handle with no real ability but to further divided as a nation. In the end this will be used to pit us against each other to even greater depths by Trump and his team and we will be a weaker nation because of it. This pattern is clear now. We as a nation must not allow ourselves to be divided. Abraham Lincoln made it very clear. \"United we stand, divided we fall.\" Don't consume all of the Facebook nonsense, (who knows who will generate it?) or even more ugly tweets and statements by those who would promote divisiveness.  Get out of your echo chambers. Please listen to the voices of reason who want to show us the way to be the country that we are supposed to be, untied under the great Constitution our fore fathers meant to be.", "I was dumbfounded  last night watching Congressman Scalise on 60 minutes. His being shot by a domestic terrorist with a long rifle was not a gun control issue but a Democrate shooting a Republican congressman issue. It was all politics. I kept on thinking what if the crazy person with a gun had been a Republican?  Would his thoughts be different? I kept on thinking that this was his opportunity to promote change,  puting his face on gun control  as he struggles to walk across the chambers. But instead we have Republican legislation legalizing silencers and armor piercing bullets. My thoughts and prayers to the victims and families of this Republican owned tragedy. So sad for America.", "I am not sure but, is it possible to sue 2nd Amendment? I remember someone attempted to sue McDonald's for obesity. So why not sue the NRA and the US government?", "My first thought was: what if there had been four shooters? Five? ", "Odd that i have not seen a single picture of the shooter - if he was black we all know Breitbart and Drudge would have front page images... Just saying... ", "Mr. Trump, our Joke-In-Chief, is speaking now and it is a complete, insulting embarrassment. He's reading straight from the teleprompter, speaking so... slow...ly....\n\nHe cannot, even with this terrible tragedy, come up with AN ORIGINAL THOUGHT. He needs to rely on his writers.\n\nA disgusting embarrassment. Disgusting, insulting, appalling. Awful.", "If the government exchanged every assault rifle out there for a musket/bayonet, would that satisfy the 2nd-amendmenters?", "Well\u2026.at least 50 are dead.  400+ injured, in Vegas shooting. C'mon republicans!  I can't wait to hear the variety of excuses and defenses of privately owned guns and even machine guns; the NRA, and finally the lick-spittle public cooed condolences to the shocked and grieving families.  All the while allowing and issuing permits for the ever-more powerful and dangerous weapons that enable psychotics to fire into crowds of people who are innocently enjoying an evening of music.", "You see, you see! If only everyone at the concert had been carrying assault rifles they could have returned fire - will no one listen to Wayne LaPierre?", "I am surprised Trump forgot his signature: #MAGA!", "Let us not become complacent! Let us take to the streets, not in the thousands but in the millions and demand gun reform NOW.", "This morning NPR is reporting that the stock prices of major gun manufacturers in the U.S. were on the rise. So every time these weapons of mass destruction are unleashed on innocent people, their makers profit. This is utterly appalling. ", "Mr. President, \"condolences and sympathies\" are not enough.", "Is the gun gun lobby happy now??\n\nLaw should require NRA to be sued!", "Unless we are all willing to have a serious and substantive discussion about guns in this society \u2014 especially military-type hardware \u2014 just please stop with the outrage, prayers, tears, and shock that inevitably follow mass casualty events such as Las Vegas. \n\nThis is the country we have chosen to have because of our \u201cright\u201d to own guns \u2014 any guns \u2014 no questions asked. So if we\u2019re unwilling to pressure the gun lobby, and if Congress is too intimidated to act, we just need to get used to this as being literally the collateral damage of living with an apparently unfettered right.\n\nIf Columbine wasn\u2019t enough; if Sandy Hook wasn\u2019t enough; if Pulse wasn\u2019t enough; if workplace violence isn\u2019t enough; and if this, finally, isn\u2019t enough \u2014  it\u2019s time to admit we have surrendered to the gun culture and save our prayers and grief for ourselves.", "What's missing here is the racial ingredient. How quick Trump would have been to underlie his Tweets with a subtext of bigotry and racial hate if the shooter had been a Muslim or  person of color. But, no, this was a white guy shooting into what looks like a white crowd. So he simply offers condolences and can't make political hay out of it for his base. I wonder if he's disappointed. Not only that but he'll face criticism about lack of gun control-- how can he and his friends at the NRA possibly answer that more guns would have been the solution? That is the NRA's default answer to any shooting but you can't exactly shoot up thirty two floors and nail the sniper. What pro-gun lie will they come up with in this situation?  Lies about race, lies about the need for a  weaponized  society-- that is Trump's dangerous America.", "\"Now they're going to try and take our guns away\".  This won't lead to any increase in gun control legislation,  Republicans and their judicial picks will make certain of it.  There will be a surge in gun purchases and membership in the NRA.  For the Republican party, the NRA and  gun suppliers, massacres are  good for business.", "Paging Sen. John McCain.  We know what you're facing and know that the man who endured what you did in Viet Nam, is capable of tremendous courage.  You displayed it recently with your ACA repeal No vote.\n\nA heart sickened nation is once again asking why - why another mentally wracked person can so easily acquire weapons whose only purpose is carnage on a massive scale.  \n\nIf you sir, would once again have the courage to put country over party by calling for legislation to put a stop to this recurring nightmare, a nation of mourners would be grateful and your legacy as a hero would forever be without question.  ", "\"My warmest condolences\"? Ugh. Every time this horrible person opens his mouth or reaches for his phone, he sinks to an unfathomable new low.", "President Bill Clinton banned these guns and magazines bigger than 10. This was a very big rapid fire modified magazine, perhaps 100 rounds or more, and a military style weapon. All which are legal thanks to the GOP and the NRA.  Republicans let the assault gun ban lapse under GWB.  You do not need 100 rounds fired in under a minute to defend yourself. WW2 GI's had -7- round M-!'s and they fought a war with the weapon.", "Among the villainy that would have been addressed if that nasty woman, Hillary Clinton, were to be elected:\n\ncommon-sense gun control\ncampaign finance reform\nan actual plan to (re)build infrastructure\nimprove Obamacare instead of blindly attacking it", "1. This is an act of terrorism.\n2. Terrorism has no religion.\n3. Banning refugees (including women and children) does not make America safe.\n4. Stronger gun control laws will make America safe.", "This issue of gun control goes well beyond gun control.  If the goal is to only prevent large numbers of people dying at the hands of persons who wield weapons of mass carnage, then some form of gun control would make perfect sense.  But is that where the line is drawn today?  Would we be OK with having knife attacks that kill/injure a very small number of people.  What's an acceptable body count that would make the public feel more safe? If the total number of people dying from knife attacks were equal to those who die from gunfire (due to the sheer number of knife attacks), would we feel the same way?  We've gotten use to blaming the weapon; these kinds of weapons need to be banned but the mindset of the country needs to be changed.  At the end of the day, it's the individual or group that's pulling the trigger, carrying the large knife and driving the car/truck.", "Our founding fathers created the 2nd amendment to protect with cannon and musket without  knowing of the internet, Nuclear weapons, bio weapons, jets, TV. How does military type weapons come to be included in an amendment created two centuries ago?\n\nThere shouldn't be. It's lack of courage, ego and the dollar.", "Thoughts and prayers for the victims of another mass shooting aren't going to stop any bullets. Unless you are working for gun control, better ask God for forgiveness.", "I'm disgusted and embarrassed by my country. I have been an advocate of stricter true gun control since the 80s. What can I say? Guns don't shoot people, people do? Of course and this is why we limit access to firearms, exceptions only for police, hunting and security. This is no way to have a civil society.", "Do we need any more reason to ban the sale of Automatic/Assault Rifles to all but Law Enforcement/Military?  Can we count on Democrats to introduce legislation to ban the sale of assault rifles to ordinary citizens?  There is no justification to own such weapons.  In light of the horrible event in Las Vegas, let Democrats show backbone against the Gun Lobby.  ", "Why is a shooting at a nightclub in Orlando deemed terrorism and this incident (or Sandy Hook, or Aurora or countless others) isn't?  Are we more concerned about neatly sterotyping or actually stopping this from happening?  I know my answer but, sadly, I don't believe that the citizens of the U.S do. Or is it just our lawmakers who are in the pocket of the NRA that prevent actually addressing this?  It's much easier to get reelected by stirring up fears of Muslims than it is by calling for gun control/reform.", "If every good person at that concert was armed with his or her own weapon, none could have stopped the bad guy shooting from the sky. ", "I was horrified at first. That was before the body count doubled. I can't help picturing myself or people I know in that crowd. I'm no country music fan but outdoor music festivals are ubiquitous. I had to ask myself what exactly was different about this event. What made the attacker so deadly?\n\nAfter talking it over with a few people, the answer we came across was location. There aren't many music festivals located within rifle shot of a publicly accessible high rise with private rooms and opening windows. Stephen Paddock had to rent a room with a line of fire. That's about it.\n\nI'm sure bringing guns into an over night music festival isn't very difficult. Maybe not the venue proper but campsite security is non-existent by design. However, an armed assailant in a tent garden is relatively harmless. An armed shooter on the 32nd story of an adjacent hotel with a long range automatic rifle on the other hand... I think we're witnessing the result.\n\nThe event planners weren't thinking about it. The concert goers weren't thinking about it. Stephen Paddock appears to have thought about it.\n\nI'm waiting to hear back something definitive on the motive before drawing anymore conclusions. What another terrible night.", "Americans have been hunting to feed their families for generations. It is honorable, healthy, and seriusly money-saving. ASSAULT WEAPONS are NOT used for hunting. They should be absolutely BANNED, with deep and long jail sentences attached to possession of them. How many of our fellow citizens have to die before OUR Congress does the right thing and says \"NO\" to the money that the NRA and the rest of the gun lobby offers them? And when do we, as voters, get off our boutts and vote them out? It sure beats crying, complaining, and wringing our hands.", "My daughter was in Germany as part of a school exchange program. As a bit of show and tell, she showed the class her driver's license and explained that many  American kids drove a car to high school. The Germans were awed. When it was their time to ask her questions, the first question was 'do you own a gun'. The answer was 'no' but she was stunned that this was their view of America.", "Every time a mass shooting stuns the nation, we hear phrases such as \"wake-up call,\" \"Second Amendment\" and \"gun control.\" Then the NRA and avid gun owners howl that making gun ownership illegal would send Second Amendment rights down a slippery slope, creating an avalanche of changes that would eliminate Constitutional rights. How many wake-up calls will it take to make people realize that getting rid of guns should supersede our love for the Second Amendment. Sometimes change is good. Often hard, but necessary.\n\nGuns are made for killing, not target practice, and their proper use depends on the judgment of people, who by their very nature make poor decisions or have lost -- or never had -- the capacity to think rationally. The wake-up call, once again, should be to get rid of the guns. That's the sane thing to do.", "In view of this incomprehensible tragedy President Trump has a unique opportunity to push through a change in the  rules for bearing arms. Whilst his standing with his arms loving base will likely not be strong enough to fundamentally challenge the present interpretation of the 2nd amendment he could at least  effectively advocate for regulations that would make it impossible to have multiple arms and especially high caliber automated weapons that have no other purpose than killing human beings. Will he have the character and empathy to seize this opportunity? ", "People turn this into a political issue of \u201cgun control\u201d.  It appears he was using fully automatic weapons which have been banned in the US for many decades. The question is what was his motive? Did he feel financially the world was against him? Did he feel he was wronged by society? We may never know the reasons which drives someone to such a horrendous act. ", "Travel bans did not stop this.\nWith all the tweets, bombast and months spent expressing\nindignation and scorn about travel bans, will President Trump\ngive equal time, energy and action addressing internal terrorism?", "Malcolm Gladwell quoting Mark Granovetter PhD wrote in The New Yorker about the killing, mass killings. He emphasized the trend. Larger begets larger, they suggested. Professor Granovetter\u2019s work was undertaken when he was younger and positioned at the state university on Long Island. None the less, his theory was mentioned. \n\nThe Texas Clock killings were mentioned. \n\nLas Vegas will now be added. It\u2019s not the biggest.\n\nHiroshima and Nagasaki were the biggest. \n\nThe Franck Report is ignored today. Nobel James Franck is forgotten. \n\nThe killing may increase if President Trump gets desperate. \n\nRobert Mueller III may show us why Trump will be desperate. \n\nKilling is so common. The latest will be researched and forgotten in the next. \n\nWill we address ourselves? \n\nMake American Great Again?\n\nHow?\n\nUnder President Trump?\n\nPlease. \n\nNovember 2016 was the latest perfect storm. \n\nThe killings are but one message. ", "Everyday that the gun lobby is able to subvert the will of the overwhelming majority of Americans that know we need to outlaw the kinds of guns used here is a day that sows greater cynicism in the public, that the Constitution which the gun lobby wraps itself in is undermined, and that our system of government is delegitimized.  The tragedy of needlessly lost lives is compounded by what it does to the fabric of our society.", "If this is indeed our present and future and our politicians do nothing but spout platitudes, we need a hefty kill tax on gun purchases to at least financially help victims.  We long ago passed reasonable debate - we may as well acknowledge the US is more dangerous than most other countries.\nSelf-inflicted. ", "Let's not opine about the shooter. His story really isn't the issue. The issue is the existence of private arsenals and the moral laxness that allows mass murders to occur with regularity. Only guns are able to kill and wound these many people in short order. \n\nWe can predict the outcome. McConnell and Ryan will \"pray\" for the victims and their families. The god they pray to is the god of Money. Next, the NRA will say that \"this isn't the time\" to talk about guns and that \"guns don't kill people, people do.\" Yes, people with guns do. Strangling takes too long and can only be done one at a time. Then it will all be top off by the president or some member of the cabinet sighing and offering some more pablum. The underlying message is \"Don't look to us for leadership. We have none to offer. It would offend our base and our donors.\"\n\nYes, folks, we are on our own. Armed men walk our streets, many openly displaying attack rifles. We are okay with that. Let's accept the truth: We are okay with mass murder. We hope it doesn't happen to us, but other than that we shrug and say \"too bad\" and do nothing. \n\nWe are not just bystanders; we are complicit. We see it; we understand the problem; we let it go. We are just fine with mass murder. We would be more upset if the NFL canceled the playoffs. \n\nThis is who we are as a country. This is why we have Trump sitting in the WH. He isn't so very strange. We all know someone like him. He is us, and we are ALL deplorable. ", "Wrote senators and Rep. Do not know what or how far but something has got to change. ", "Enough!\nThe picture of Americans running for their life and laying in a pool of their own blood is not what Freedom looks like.\nThe majority of Americans want our scared, weak politicians to act. We want reasonable restrictions on weapons that can cause a mass casualty event.  We should be FREE to go to a concert, night club, movie theater and, yes, a 1st grade classroom without the fear of a mass shoot event.\nPlease do SOMETHING to reduce the chances of a mass shoot event from happening again.", "Having a politician, even a pseudo politician like Trump tweet something to the effect that his thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families has become so passe.  Yes, something must be said, but that something should be be not only thoughts and prayers but also a promise to work toward making this not happen again.  No one can stop all crazy people from picking up a gun and shooting people, but the NRA and its constituents can be controlled if Congress and the American people would just stand up and say enough.  \n\nI can't think of a single valid, logical, rational reason for anyone owning a military style assault rifle, along with the opportunity to own hundreds or thousands of rounds of ammunition.  Yet, our weasley response to the NRA and its members is to continue to allow them to own these weapons and the associated ammunition.\n\nIf this country really wants to see less mass shootings, stand up to the NRA and their sycophants in Congress and demand true gun reform.   ", "Here we go again.  Hundreds killed or wounded; the lives of thousands of family members forever shattered.  The best we will get from our leaders in Washington DC is a somber shaking of the head and pathetic statement that the victims are in our \"thoughts and prayers.\"   Here's a news headline, \"thoughts and prayers\" simply are not enough.  It's long past the time for our elected officials to arrive at the adult table and enact solutions to end this cycle of violence.  It does not take a rocket scientist to figure out that the conversation will need to start with these words \"guns\" and \"mental health\".  Until we address the ability of the mentally ill to have firearms, these tragedies will continue.  May God have mercy on us.", "To our representatives:  We do not need your thoughts and prayers.  We need action.  Words means nothing.  ", "If if it is a huge concert event why wasn't there a police presence? How can a gunman go on so long without return fire from the police? Time to get a concealed carry permit for me. ", "Once again, a person's right to live is trumped (now a hideously ironic word) by anyone's right to obtain rapid fire assault weapons with multiple rounds inclusive. The 2nd Amendment is Life Destructive and Congress and the Supreme Court intend to keep it that way. Whose Freedom is this?", "We must get assault weapons out of the hands of ordinary citizens. We cannot keep allowing this to happen to our fellow citizens. FIFTY people dead. FOUR HUNDRED wounded. Those are outright war numbers.\n\nFour hundred and fifty families whose lives will never be the same again. Not to mention the thousands who witnessed this carnage and will be re-living it in their nightmares for the rest of their lives.\n\nThe NRA has so much blood on their hands, I can't understand why they haven't been sued out of existence. \n\nWho is protecting this weapons racket and who is profiting from it? \n\nSomewhere out there, people are making money selling assault weapons and protecting people who sell assault weapons. They are murderers by proxy. Why are they not behind bars? \n\nPeople, get out your devices and start calling your Congressional representatives and beg them to get tougher on the NRA. \n\nAt least demand that gun shows be banned! If Congress can defy insurance companies, they can defy a sacred cow like the NRA.", "it is difficult to comment on this horrific event because I know the NRA it's going to spin it in a way to justify what happened. then Alex Jones will deny that it ever happened. God bless the families that are in suffering their loss.", "50 muddy and/or blood splattered cellphones lying on the ground.  Half of them  Ringing.  30 different ringtones playing at once.  Every few seconds another one starts ringing again as loved ones desperate to make sure someone is ok frantically calls or texts over and over.  All so the gun lovers in this country can own semi-automatics, 50 round clips, and make sure even those on disability for mental illness can take part.  And now they want silencers. ", "Trump at his inaugural speech said \"This American Carnage Stops Now\".  Everything the man says is a lie.  We will make no progress while he is in power.", "That's quite enough.  Time to do something about the Second.", "And just think, with the proposed legislation to lift the ban on silencers, Paddock could have killed even more before anyone realized what was happening. ", "\"Those who would give up essential liberty, to purchase a little temporary safety, deserve neither and would lose both.\" Benjamin Franklin.", "Two questions....what is the fire power and rate of the weapons involved ? why are automatic weapons sanctioned for domestic use?", "Conservative hypocrisy and racism: It is okay to politicize mass murder if committed by a black or brown person, but not okay if the murderer is white.", "Think guns are not a problem? Politicians have zero courage and are held hostage by the gun lobby. I'm waiting for some gun advocate wing nut to state that if the audience was armed\" they would've taken him down.\" Morons and cowards.", "So, once again, it comes down to this: the rights of zealots to own rapid-fire, high-capacity weapons of war takes precedence over the safety of citizens. The second amendment, having been distorted into something it obviously is not, has been used to justify making public safety and health less safe and healthy for everyone. There is no defense for these weapons in a civil society, but Trump and his supporters will ignore this. They, and every gun rights organization, have blood on their hands by denying the need for common sense gun regulations and universal background checks.\n\nEclectic Pragmatism \u2014 http://eclectic-pragmatist.tumblr.com/\nEclectic Pragmatist \u2014 https://medium.com/eclectic-pragmatism", "Donald Trump just came out to give a public statement.  I reflexively turn off the media whenever I hear his voice.  He has created a contagion of amorality throughout the land, and I cannot tolerate the sound of his voice.  In my brief exposure today, his vocal tone was like reading a bedtime story to a toddler.  He sounded sedated.  Whatever he has to say is irrelevant to me.  He is waiting for someone or some group to blame, surely.  He feeds this general violence and insanity every time he opens his mouth. ", "There must have been good people with guns in that crowed , they could have stopped this carnage !", "Here is a block of text from a popular gun dealer's website: \n\n\"Want a machine gun but cant afford the 20k buy in? A bumpfire stock is just the ticket to get machine gun fun out of your AR-15 without breaking the law!\"\n\nFor about $150 anyone can make a legal semi-automatic assault rifle function just like a machine gun. These things are legal, no special license or background check required. Just pay your money, put it together, and start mowing people down. ", "What does the civilized world think of us? Tragedies like this have become such a common occurrence: Shock, anger, grieving, mourning and burials. In two months time forgotten until it starts again. With this President it seems like America is imploding on itself. I thought in the end mother nature would take care of us all with CAT 5 hurricanes, deadly wild fires, droughts and double twin tornadoes...you know Armageddon with fire and brimstone. Seems like we're trying to out do her by self annihilation. What brought this man to bear down on a crowd of peaceful country worshippers we will know in due time. How he brought in such a large cache of weapons and ammo into a hotel is mind boggling. Security at these hotels will require people checking their belongings as they would as if they were boarding a flight. My sympathies to the families of those murdered and to those injured. We must as a country address this problem of too many guns SOON! But I doubt the politicians we have now have the spine for it.", "Every day, another tragedy. And a President who offers \"warm condolences\" and a gold trophy.", "I look forward (retch) to the NRA explaining to us that this kind of thing is bound to happen when there aren't enough \"good guys with guns.\" Such subhuman reasoning, sad to say, reigns strongly on Capitol Hill (and at 1600 Pa ave, at the moment). If only the \"NR\" could be taken out of \"US of NRA\"...", "I will not keep my opinions on gun control on hold. Not now, not after Sandy Hook, not ever. People will always kill each other, that's true, but this kind of weapon has no purpose in society beyond the one it served last night. It's a coward's weapon, used last night by another coward in a long succession that begins and ends with the kind of man who can only commit a crime like this from a distance. So spare me your tag line: \"Guns don't kill people. People kill people.\" Guns make the killing easy, and they do not make us free. ", "Unfortunately, I have to agree with Wade Nelson's comment.  What a pathetic response from our President.  People say that guns don't kill but people do.  In looking at your list of mass shootings, which could include the Texas Tower massacre, it is inescapable that almost all involved guns.", "As we watch and listen in horror to last nights dreadful events the NRA is plotting its next move. They are accessories to the crime as are those who subscribe to their vile tortured interpretation of our countries antiquated second amendment.", "The U.S. Congress is owned by the oligarchs and NRA. The majority of Americans vote for that so that's what they get.", "\"My warmest condolences...\"\n\nAmazing. Trump would probably express more outrage if he discovered that Paddock was shooting from one knee.", "I hate yet to see legislation that protects Americans from these types of individuals. In contrast, it didn't take Congress long to enact Kate's Law when a woman was killed by an undocumented immigrant. ", "A country founded on violence will continue to live on violence...just another day in America...", "One typically offers \u201csincere\u201d condolences, not \u201cwarm\u201d condolences, following a tragic situation like this.", "I'm afraid for the human race. This is just crazy. ", "So much for the NRA nonsense that arming everyone will take out a shooter. Sniping from the 32nd floor?  Right. ", "NRA must be proud! 50 this time,how much next time? If the killer is white,expect the mental ill,vet, PTSD excuses.  Everything but the fact that the KILLER had acess to 18+guns. Trump just did the prayers thing- maybe sice many of the dead are white the GOP will care, and do something.", "If this incident was somehow perpetrated by an Islamic entity and can be described as an act of terrorism by Muslims, imagine the outrage and the calls to take all kinds of steps to stop them from entering the country, etc. \n\nBut if the gunman is a deranged white male American who only took took advantage of the ridiculously easy access to guns in this country, I guess after some handwringing, nothing will change this time just like all the other \"tragedies\" we have had.  ", "If this isn't domestic terrorism, what is it?  ", "The Republican led Congress, along with the Evangelical vote has blood on their hands!!!", "I'm sure the NRA members are thinking: \"If everyone at the concert had an assault rifle they could have defended themselves.\"  ", "Trump offers \"warm condolences\".  ", "The assailant not only kills 50 and 400 wounded, but kills himself. Do you think he checked off the box on his permit that asks if you are mentally ill?", "I can't wait until the NRA suggests that had the concert goers been armed with automatic assault rifles as well this massacre would have been foiled. ", "Twenty dead children, a mere blur.\nFifty dead people, barely a stir.", "People keep forgetting that these horrifying events occur. We are distracted by nonsense, politics and world events. There is no cure for lunatics with access to assault rifles but there must be a way to make people safer. Any common sense solutions out there? Oh yes, Australia.  https://youtu.be/dBn1P2ns5EI", "The shooter was on the 32nd floor shooting down at people. How the heck would having a gun help you then? ", "Let's all give a special thanks today to Dick Heller, Clark Neily, justices Roberts, Thomas, Alito, Scalia and of course Wayne La Pierie who coined the phrase \"The only way to stop a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun.\"\n\nToo soon? #slaughterinnevada", "It's time for Ken Burns and Lynn Novak to take on the gun issue in America.", "One of the photos accompanying this article reads \"A woman covered with blood at the Route 91 Harvest country music festival.\"\n\nCorrection: the photo shows at least 3 people, all dead. Look at their body positions. No one is looking at them, let alone rendering aid. Who thought up this absurd caption? It should say \"Murdered concertgoers dropped in their tracks, their internal organs shredded.\" That is what we're looking at.\n\nDuring the American Civil War, Mathew Brady, Alexander Gardner and others used the new medium of photography to take the first pictures of dead soldiers killed during battles. The public was genuinely shocked. So shocked that some of the most horrific pictures were banned from publication or display by the government, for fear of hurting support for the war effort.\n\nIt's 2017, not 1862. No government can block such pictures any more, given the state of First Amendment jurisprudence.\n\nIt's time for a new Mathew Brady to step forward. To take pictures of our fellow citizens, bloodied and mangled, cut down in mid-drink or mid-laugh or mid-life. It's time for every responsible newspaper in America to run these pictures, to shove it in our faces, until we wake from our idiotic slumber and do something to prevent such things from re-occurring.", "Please -- I can't stand even one more mew of \"thoughts and prayers\".\n\nCan your thoughts and prayers. Meaningful gun laws or shut up. ", "And the NRA is now lobbying for silencers on all guns. This mass carnage won't make a difference in them getting their legislation passed either.", "Where were the NRA's vaunted \"good guys with a gun\" when this white European American \"Christian\" was exercising his Second Amendment rights like Cliven Bundy and his sons and friends?\n\nOf the 33,000+ Americans who die from gunshots every year about 2/3rds are suicides and 80% are white men.\n\nWas this an act of terrorism or mental illness?", "All this proves is that people should be able to buy rocket launchers to defend themselves.", "I just wonder how all those people who vote against gun control can live with themselves.   Do they really think America is a better place because citizens have easy access to rapid-fire assault weapons??  Yet, it seems nobody really cares enough to confront the NRA and stop this madness...", "Great to see everyone taking this amazing opportunity to wheel out their politics and platforms, everything from gun control to interpretation of constitutional language, to religion and white supremacy even. What do you do to further your societal goals besides point your fingers and shriek \"See?! See?!\" when something like this happens? How quickly do you go back to your regular lives when the shock wears off? ", "Gun worshipper retort: if all the concert goers had their own AK 47s, they could have blown off the side of Mandalay Bay and maybe taken the guy out.", "When the second amendment was written \"arms\" meant muskets.  Muskets can be fired about once a minute.  Does the NRA think it would be ok to walk around with a portable nucelar bomb?", "Note that American Outdoor Brands Corp (NASDAQ:AOBC), \"formerly Smith & Wesson Holding Corporation, (...) a manufacturer of firearms and a provider of accessory products for the shooting, hunting and outdoor enthusiast\", is up almost 7% today.", "Of course, as Republicans and their NRA handlers would have us believe, this wouldn't have happened if all 20,000 concert goers and the rest of the people on the Vegas strip had been carrying assault rifles. ", "The Times dares question whether this was a terror attack? What, you think the shooter could have had any other motive when he opened fire on 22,000 individuals gathered to enjoy country music?", "Americans want their guns and this is what happens. Don't even tell me someone with a knife or car can kill or injure as many people. This is our way of life. If the shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary School, the shooting of Gabby Giffords, or the shooting at the practice of the Republican baseball team have not made a difference nothing will.", "We have the freedom to own weapons of war, slowly we are losing every other freedom we take for granted. We truly are a violent primitive species, capable of self extinction.", "Numb.  We can all agree that this is horrific.  Just as horrific and tragic as the slaughters that happened to those \"other folks\" like the children blown to smithereens in that blue \"liberal elite\" state or those \"sinful\" LGBT hunted down in Orlando or those \"people of color\" murdered in South Carolina.  But this time it hits the prime NAR-loving demographic directly - southern, red state, white and, presumably, Republican.  Now that it hits close to home, and they realize that senseless gun violence doesn't happen just to \"others,\" maybe they will finally wake up and stop voting in officials who enable the reckless, virtually unregulated sales of assault weapons.\n\nHa!  Who am I kidding?", "Why can't we have reasonable gun regulation? You can lay this, Sandy Hook, Orlando, Bakersfield .... on Scalia, the NRA and the nuts that claim that any regulation, no matter how reasonable, is a step to \"taking our guns away.\" With republicans who are financed and \"scored\" by the NRA owning congress, trump, and the supreme court, nothing will change. ", "OK, so here's my problem.  A guy comes into a big hotel on the day of a huge concert carrying 10 assault rifles with ammo and asking for a room way up high overlooking the concert. So they give him a room on the 32nd floor directly over the concert area. They probably helped him carry all those gun cases up there. ", "If only all of the concertgoers were allowed to carry guns as well!\n\nThey could've blindly shot up into the darkness in a futile attempt to defend themselves against a monstrous assailant they couldn't see.\n\nMore guns definitely would've prevented this one from happening, right?", "You can't stop people like Paddock from buying and owning guns. He wasn't on anyone's radar. \n\nAll you can do is enact laws to make it exponentially harder for EVERYONE to buy and own guns, in order to make it more difficult for future wannable Paddocks. \n\nIf you're not prepared to do that, you have no solution to this problem. ", "Someone should really let the President know that condolences cannot be \"warm.\"\n\nHe is an international disgrace.", "It is time to end the stranglehold of the NRA on our country's gun laws.  If you are a member of the NRA, resign.  Demand that your congressman refuse contributions from the NRA.  The NRA does not stand for sensible gun ownership and use anymore.  ", "With guns on Television and in Movies for their entire histories, why are we still surprised at these abominable slaughters of innocents?", "Anyone that still opposes gun control for the mentally ill is an accomplice to this and all past mass murders by sick [literally sick] people.", "Guns are a plague. Machine guns exist for one reason: to kill as many people as possible, as quickly as possible. There is no reason for anyone not on active duty in the military to possess one.", "And Republicans in Congress are trying to legalize gun silencers.  They don't even want you to be able to hear gunfire so that you can try to run away. ", "Let freedom ring, huh? Freedom doesn't so much ring in America anymore as it pops and cracks with the sound of murderous gunfire. ", "What have we become?", "Lets see how Trump handles this. Will he support stronger gun laws or the NRA? ", "Another tragic mass execution.\nEnabled by unconscionably flaccid gun laws.\nProtected by NRA-funded legislators.\nSupported  overwhelmingly by \"pro-life\" voters.", "I am sickened by the long-range balcony videos of tiny people scattering and running while leaving the dead and wounded on the ground.  They remind me of stepping on an ant hill.  To the NRA, and their sycophants in Congress, that is what Americans are.  Ants.", "We approach guns mythologically, like they are divine idols.  No, they're not magically good! In fact, arming people with this kind of fire power is an abomination.  The very fact that people have this fire power corrupts them.  It's not a coincidence that one side of America politics believes that right is might, and conducts its self like a bully.  Cowards and their guns...", "Yes everyone needs an assault weapon.  Lay this at the feet of the Republicans.", "Was the gunman part of a well-regulated militia? ", "This domestic terrorism brought to us by the NRA, on behalf of the gun industry. Plus cowardly, venal politicians. Our ongoing national shame and tragedy continues, for profit.", "When one of these shootings occurs, the reaction is almost always the same. \"I can't believe he did this.\" Therein lies the problem: gun murders are rarely carried out by certifiable lunatics who hear voices in their heads; they're carried out by people who were ordinary, law-abiding citizens up until the day of the shooting. This week there will be more shootings, when carelessness, depression, jealousy, feelings of inadequacy, and irrational fear mix with guns.\n\nThere are two parts to the solution. The first is effective gun safety legislation which covers the sale of ALL firearms. The second part involves not changing laws but societal norms, so that the gratuitous ownership of firearms is seen for what it is: selfish, immature, and dangerous. \n\nThere are about 300 million guns in the United States. We don't need more.  Not. One. More. A challenge to all gun owners: make a pledge here and now never to acquire, sell, trade, or give away another firearm; and to include a provision in your will that all your firearms will be destroyed upon your death. In fact, you could go further, and destroy guns already in your possession, to ensure the safety of yourself and everyone else who lives in or visits your home. Are you up to the challenge? ", "Unfortunately, people who say this is the worst mass shooting in our history are wrong. It is merely the worst so far.  ", "I am so saddened and sickened by this. Having recently moved to Mexico City - many friends said \"but it's so dangerous\". Mexico and its capital are far safer than the U.S. these days. The random violence in the U.S. is far scarier and more dangerous than what is going on here in Mexico. And believe it or not, many people don't want to travel to, or live in, the U.S. these days for that very reason. I am so so sorry for the victims and their families. It could have been anyone of us or our loved ones there.", "It's interesting that if you are going to a Broadway theater in NYC, you have to open your purse for a search and you can't bring a bottle of WATER into the theater. But in Vegas, you can bring heavy armaments into your hotel. ", "There is not a single reason why an average citizen should be able to have access to a gun like this. Not one. ", "I haven't heard Donald Trump demand all military or semi-automatic military style weapons that can be converted to automatic ones be banned for public sale.\n\nI know Donald Trump is in the pocket of Wayne LaPierre and the NRA, but when does he show the country that he is willing to do what is right, against the special interest.", "Beyond words, once again. Youth, life, music, togetherness and then...\nA tragedy that could have been avoided, anybody knows how. But it didn't, as the next one won't be, or the next one after that.\nThere are 2 questions I keep asking myself after a carnage like this :\n1 - How many mass shootings have been prevented or stopped by an armed citizen - isn't it the reason why people \"should\" be armed ? Self defense against lunatics ?\n2 - How many mass shooting would have been less dramatic if the perpetrator had no access to automatic guns ? To guns at all ?\nMaybe just answering these should lead politics to a conclusion...\nHere, where guns are prohibited, we were (also) under a terrorist attack this very morning ; one man, one knife, two victims. What if this guy had purchased an AR-15 or AK ? We know the answer.", "1.  Required insurance for every weapon and ammunition.\n2.  A massive sales and excise (annual for holding on to ammunition) tax on bullets.\n3.  No sales of more than 10 \"cartridges/rounds\" to a single individual not for immediate consumption at a shooting range.\n\nAll of these are constitutionally permissible.", "Where I live, someone who expresses a liking for guns would be shunned -- and probably talked about. In most parts of the country, though, gun owners are glorified. I haven't read much about the shooter, but I'll wager that his neighbors knew he had guns and thought that was just fine -- downright manly of him, in fact.\n\nIt's easy to advise \"gun control\" (and I have), but what, exactly, can be done, short of repealing the Second Amendment -- which isn't going to happen. (Gun sales shot up after Sandy Hook, at the mere mention of that possibility.)  Actually doing something effective isn't easy. Longer waiting periods, training requirements, and on and on and on -- I'll bet this shooter, and many others like him -- would have cleared whatever hurdle we might throw up in front of him. \n\nWhat might work better -- slower, but better -- is to make sure you shun people who have guns, and say negative things about the practice. Don't let nut cases like this shooter get \"respect\" for being a nut case.", "I cannot imagine the horror and anguish faced by the victims and their families. My thoughts are with them. I hope they are not forgotten soon.\n\nIt will be interesting to see how much media coverage of this terrorist act persists over time. I have noticed a distinct association between media coverage and the background of the terrorist (white versus non-white). Even today, while this item was headline news, it is not dominating the air or print time like the Paris attacks did (for months). ", "The Supreme Court could give the nation the needed protection of rational gun control by correctly interpreting the 2nd Amendment re the need for a militia and the National Guard being that militia. We currently have sufficient protection from Indian attacks and surprise invasions of the British along our northern border.", "There have been far more deaths in the US related to gun violence than deaths from terrorist attacks. Yet, Trump and conservative Republicans seem myopically focused on foreign terrorists and keeping people from the middle east out of the country. If there were any sanity in this Congress and the Trump administration, they'd be focused on keeping Americans safe from other Americans with guns and a thirst for blood.  ", "For those in the commentariat attacking Trump, what is wrong with you?  Seriously.  Fair to talk about gun control, but making this into a political attack on Trump is sick.  How come the dems haven't passed gun control legislation when they have controlled congress?  \n\nAnd on the subject of gun control.  No sane person would say that allowing people to own automatic weapons is reasonable.  But, how do you stop it?  It is already illegal.  But, there is a black market and people can also modify semi-automatic weapons.  And believe it or not, gun technology isn't that complex.  A determined individual could make one or have one made.\n\nOr they could, like Charles Whitman, use rifles.  And while it may be desirable to remove all guns from our society, that is not going to happen.  But suppose you could magically accomplish that.  A determined individual could, again, manufacture a gun or find someone to do it.  And if that failed, a bomb.  \n\nWhile this was the deadliest shooting in our history, the Oklahoma City bombing in 1995 killed 168 people.  And we repeatedly hear of attacks in other countries where suicide bombers kill dozens.  \n\nAnd if a determined individual couldn't figure out how to build a bomb -- there are trucks or autos.  \n\nAutomatic weapons maybe the easiest way to effect a mass killing, but not the only.  And more mass shootings are with handguns or rifles than automatic weapons.  And -- mass shootings account for less than 1/2 of 1 % of all gun deaths.    ", "Perhaps the travel bans from \"selected\" Muslim countries is not enough to prevent deadly attacks.... Home grown ones are even deadlier. How about a ban on guns?", "Nevada needs to rethink its lax gun regulations.  There are far more tourists than residents in the state, and if tourists don't feel safe then they'll take their dollars elsewhere.", "It's easy for everyone to to find a culprit after a disaster. We are all hurt, angry, shocked, confused. These acts of violence are not the result of one organization, one religion, one set of school parents, etc., etc. Instead of blaming anyone we can grab to blame, how about we reach out to our neighbors we see suffering from loneliness, our family members afflicted with mental illness, our children who are being bullied. our \"left out\" citizens who don't really fit into any social circles, and their only outlet might be to surround themselves with like-minded unhealthy people. If you see someone suffering, give them a hug. Let someone know they are special, and loved. Let's stop blaming in hate, and take responsibility for our part in pushing those who might be silently suffering into a corner. ", "I never though t I would admit this, but instead of selling my AR15 in a gun store, I destroyed it. It's just one drop in that ocean of semi auto firearms. But it's my drop.\nI still own a single shot 223 target (bolt action) rifle and a 22 repeater (5 shot bolt action rifle), as well as some high end competition target pistols and have a CCW. All my weapons are purchased from dealers and paperwork completed through the authorities. I have no problem with background checks.", "Nevada has no gun control laws of any significance. It allows concealed carry and has no restrictions on automatic weapons. \n\nFrom now on, I am boycotting travel to any state that does not restrict automatic weapons. This is not a political statement; it is a form of self preservation.", "If I,an American citizen, can accept the right of another citizen to own a firearm, why can't those citizens who choose to exercise that right accept my right to have reasonable restrictions placed on that ownership?  \n\nHas our society abandoned all notions of reciprocity?   ", "I'm a defender of the 2nd Amendment and used to enjoy precision target shooting.  However, the \"militarization\" of the gun universe, and the hyper politicization of the NRA, turned me off long ago.  We should be able to own guns, but with some common sense restrictions, chiefly, NO FULLY AUTOMATIC WEAPONS!  These are generally banned but, much to my dismay, a company came out what is called a \"slide fire stock\", which, the last time I checked, is legal in Nevada.  When fitted to an assault style rifle, and using the recoil produced by a shot, it essentially functions as a fully automatic machine gun.  When you couple that with huge drum magazines (which should also be banned) you have the capability to commit an enormous mass murder in literally just a few minutes.  I would be very interested to see if the Nevada shooter was using this modification.  If so, it's high time to get it banned, and the huge magazines that make it so lethal. ", "I hate to say it, but this kind of violence is not going away. A systemic and seismic shift would need to happen, but what is that compared to saving tax dollars? ", "This crime could have been prevented.State of Maryland passed sensible gun control laws in 2013 including bans on assault weapons and limits on rounds  of ammunition sold.. Why have other states not done so. Fourth District US Court of appeals upheld the Maryland laws.\n         \"On April 4, 2013, the Maryland General Assembly approved legislation imposing significant new restrictions on gun ownership. The bills ban the sale of certain semi-automatic firearms that they define as assault weapons, limit magazine capacity to ten rounds, require that handgun purchasers be fingerprinted and pass a training class in order to obtain a handgun license, and bar persons who have been involuntarily committed to a mental health institution from possessing firearms. Martin O'Malley Governor at the time, signed the legislation into law on May 16, 2013.[13] Regarding ten round magazine limits for rifles purchased in Maryland, 'standard' 30 round magazines may be purchased outside Maryland and brought into the state for personal use. Those standard magazines may not be transferred, given, sold or manufactured inside Maryland. \"See Wikipedia.\nThis could be done on a national level but for the NRA and GOP.", "I recently purchased a gun after my neighbor suffered a home invasion. I wrestled with the decision because as a surgeon I have put people back together after all types of firearm injuries. I underwent my background check, took my firearm safety certification exam and have trained at a range in the safe use of my shotgun. I transport, store and care for my firearm responsibly and only keep enough buckshot in my home to use for a single in-house self defense. I have tremendous respect for the power of this weapon and hope I never have to discharge it, but if someone is threatening me in my home I will. Ironically while the terrible Las Vegas shooting was unfolding the police were searching for an armed man in our neighborhood. My firearm gave me a sense of security. My point is not all firearm owners have high capacity weapons with obscenely large ammo magazines. Most of us are responsible and respectful of the power our weapons have.", "We put up with security checks and invasion of our right to privacy in the name of safety.\n\nAnd yet too many are unwilling to compromise on firearm regulation in the name of safety.\n\nBackground checks and reasonable limits on firepower will save lives.  ", "I think there are reasonable gun ownership. However it is too often that guns are thrown as a carrot to the less educated poor. In a similar fashion as religion it gives them a sense of power over those who have more. \n\nGenerally the more educated you are the more you tend to be liberal. Education makes it easier to see what these issue are really about: control of the populace. Many of those that see these issue clearly choose to promote education, redistribution of wealth, civil rights etc to empower people to grow socioeconomically and free them from such manipulation. Others choose to embrace such manipulation in their own desire to maintain the status quo or climb up the socioeconomic ladder. ", "\nI just heard on a business report that gun manufacture stocks are up, and that the Smith and Wesson's stock alone, just rose 5%.  What is going on with society?  ", "The gun rights crew is actively seeking to end the ban on gun silencers. This is right now. Imagine how much longer this shooting would have gone on, had he had silencers available? We can pray for the victims and we can ring our hands. But until we protect citizens from automatic weapons and the re-appearance of silencers, we're just spitting in the wind. It will take Republican leaders to step up, because the Dems are getting nowhere. Given how they've behaved since January, I have no hope of that. And for those who say, \"enough with the politics, just keep the victims in your thoughts,\" I say: there would have been no victims today if we'd been successful in banning automatic and semi-automatic weapons.", "Yet again an aggrieved person commits mass murder with a military weapon. And yet again, the script for covering such event is pulled out on television. We hear the survivor's accounts, the sketchy details of the shooter, the number of dead, etc. And yet again, not one word about the obvious and at this point, desperate need for stringent gun control laws. Until we get such laws, we are all potential victims anywhere and at any time. The public space has been poisoned by an unregulated gun industry.", "We are a society losing control.  Moral and ethical integrity are losing to emotional knee-jerk reaction. Any reasonable responsible measures for gun control are brushed off by politicians playing to the emotions of their supporters and the lobbyists and corporations who fund their campaigns.  As community erodes, the sense of belonging that community provides is lost.  Society grasps for meaning; self worth is identified by outrageous tweets and emotional outbursts.  Our connectivity actually separates us because the anonymity of a post is disconnected from conversational interaction.  Until we can figure out a way to counter the isolation our connectivity creates, we will not be able to move as a society to enact common sense legislation for protecting our communities.", "Sadly, this news will be good business for the gun manufacturers, as another wave of buyers will hit the stores before \"the government takes away our guns\". As a hunter, I think of myself as the \"responsible gun owner\", yet can I be sure that any firearms that I have bought might not end up one day in a criminal's hands? Time has come for an honest discussion about the gun problem. The answer isn't taking away deer rifles, nor is it allowing such easy access for anyone to get a gun. Background checks should cover private sales as well as gun stores. People with a history of violence or threats should not be able to easily get guns. Guns should not be easily stolen, or worse end up in a child's hands. I should not be able to sell my rifle without knowing whether the buyer is a felon, which is all too easy now. ", "In the 60's when I lived in Las Vegas and/or Nevada towns for 6 months of each year (for 7 years), I often called Las Vegas the \"wild west.\" It was not meant as a pejorative. It just seemed that it was truly an open city where as long as nobody was killed, everything else was okay and acceptable. In fact, for someone who arrived there from Ireland, it was a really fun place to be as long as you were not involved in crime or nefarious doings. Years later, they supposedly removed the gambling syndicates and turned the town into a more family oriented place to visit which included building multiple hotels that one sees there today. The travesty that occurred now makes one wonder which was better. God help those victims of this horrific event.   ", "OK, lets not get all crazy here and claim this is a justification for preventing gun enthusiasts from owning military assault weapons with large magazines in order to go deer hunting.  Fifty lives (this time) versus the ability to shoot a deer with a rapid fire military weapon 50 times,..not even worth talking about.", "This is the new normal. We could decide that this is not acceptable, and change it.", "Americans see the 2nd Amendment as a freedom. The rest of the first world sees it as a suicide pact. What freedom is worth the deaths of hundreds of thousands of civilians each decade, and serious injuries to nearly a million?   ", "Don't you think it's time for self-described \"responsible gun owners\" to start taking responsibility for gun safety?", "How did Mandalay Bay allow \"in excess of 10\" assault weapons to be brought into their guest rooms?\n\nPerhaps Las Vegas casinos should monitor what guests bring into the property?", "Trump can sympathize - with the casino owner and how this will hurt business.  ", "Another morning in the exceptional USA. Nobody kills better than us. I said before and I say again. There are fundamentally two America's. And the two are fundamentally at odds with each other. They are in a cold war with each other and would be in open war with each other where it not for the strengthof the federal government. God help us all", "Hundereds, if not thousands of well-educated and well-meaning immigrants are held from entering the US for fear of threats to our way of life and security. But this is a largely unreasonable and unjustified fear. As this horrific incident - and hundreds of daily shootings should teach us - we have a far greater problem that we should deal with at home. How stupid are we as a nation to not learn from tragedy and indifference? The inability of a self governing people to maintain a safe society is what starts a nation down the dangerous slope towards anarchy or dictatorship - because with lawlessness, people will lurch towards anything that seems safer. Is that what we want? What can be conceptually difficult about the idea that assault (or any) weapons have no place at home? Or in any civilians hands? Truly disgusting, heartbreaking and crushing....", "Now the president can boast that he has the biggest mass shooting in the US during his tenure. That goes with the two big hurricanes back to back. At least fifty people are dead and more than 400 injured.  How can he make this about himself? ", "Too bad ol' gun-totin' Donald Trump wasn't there on the scene packin' heat. He surely would have taken down this man with a single shot from his revolver, right between the eyes, then blown gunsmoke from the barrel before saying \"This tower ain't big enough for the two of us.\"\n\nWhat an amazing man.", "The Second Amendment is a travesty. It is a corrosive scourge on our country. Will it's defenders stand now again with their fists raised shouting \"USA! USA!\"? This country is infected thoroughly with a contagion of the love of violence and money and every man for himself. We don't need walls to keep out danger, the enemy is within. And we seem blind and powerless to it, indeed infatuated by it. The American experiment is dying, well beyond its tipping point. ", "This mass shooting does not surprise me in the Age of Trump. The president has turned our society crude, violent and totally lacking in empathy. A pampered and spoiled man who complains that dying Puerto Ricans do not do enough for themselves when his every whim is indulged at tax payers expense, who gropes women with utter impunity, who lies as easily as he breathes, who cheats the people who work for him, who sews discord and rage and suspicion every time he speaks, Mr. Trump is the perfect example of the fish rotting from the head down. The stench has become unbearable.", "The media needs to double down on the uncontrolled access to guns, since our Congress will not!!", "Anyone who terrorize civilians specially with the use of \"assault weapons\" is call a terrorist.\nAssault guns...  The name says everything...   Wondering what are these type of guns are for...", "Travel advisory: do not travel to the following US cities, Las Vegas, Orlando, Aurora, Charleston, Chattanooga,  San Bernadino, Aurora, Sandy Hook,Washington D.C., We are not safe in our own country. Our politicians and their blind loyality to the NRA have failed to secure our public spaces . ", "So how did the guy get in excess of 10 rifles and all the ammo into his hotel room?", "Absolutely horrific.\n\nBan all semi-automatic weapons. Institute 10 year mandatory prison terms for anyone possessing one. You can't stop a madman with a gun but you can stop them from slaughtering scores of people like this. We are one of the few \"civilized\" countries that allows these sorts of weapons on the street.\n\nIt is insanity.", "\"Warmest condolences\"? ", "Why should this mass shooting change anything in favor of gun control if the other mass shootings couldn't? This country's obsession with guns is insane and actually has nothing to do with the 2nd Amendment that talks about guns in the hands of a well-controlled militia rather than any person, mentally ill or not. Countries with tight gun control seldom see mass shootings, why do you think this is? Just shoot on while the rest of the world watches in disbelief. There won't be any change, particularly not with this government, which the rest of the world watches in disbelief.", "Why aren't they reporting the shooter's religious affiliation and any other memberships that could have deranged him? Something contributed to his madness.", "And the stock market isn't concerned at all!!!", "Nothing will change.  Nothing.  Sandy Hook showed us that.  Whatever the shooter's motive, the NRA, its massive funding, and its loons will continue to control Congress.", "Parents of elementary school children found after Sandy Hook that Republicans don't care about them, but they weren't really surprised. Gay Floridians found out after the Pulse nightclub shooting that Republicans don't care about them, but they weren't really surprised.  But country music fans will truly be shocked when the GOP throws them to the wolves when ordered to do so by their pay masters at the NRA.  Folks, they simply don't care about you or your loved ones. They. Don't. Care. Ignore their words and watch their deeds.", "That enormous mass of air turbulence detected ove the US this morning was the collective sigh of relief from the American muslim population whose first thought as the story broke was \" Uh oh, this is going to be very bad for us.\"", "Guns, no gun control, guns, no control, guns and more guns. Are you happy GOP? What hath you wrought?  And yes, it is political, because it's legislation that allows people to have guns in the first place that kill innocent victims everyday in this country.", "Nobody wants to hear from Donald Trump about the deadliest mass shooting in America. He is predictably nothing but a downer.", "This is HORRIFIC - another thread in what seems to be the unraveling of the American fabric of civility on many levels. But as I read the many different comments I am angered by what seems to be a knee-jerk reaction to categorize this into an ideological argument and pointing fingers.\nLet me say first - I DO NOT support Trump on ANY level. I DO believe he has been stoking the embers of hate, mistrust and discord over the past months and we are starting to see more evidence of the results of that across the country. I DO NOT support the NRA. The lobbying efforts for years have let us to a place where it is all too easy for ANYONE to have weapons, under the broad protections of the 2nd Amendment.\nBut as I read many of the responses and comments I am equally appalled by the anger and small-thinking coming from so many.\nI am a BLACK woman, well educated, world-traveled, economically successful who lived for years in a thriving East coast city & now live in a small rural Cali town.  I own guns and know how to use them. I sometimes listen to country music. I vote BLUE but live in a RED county. To lash out in anger at the demographics of this tragedy under the guise of \"policy\" and \"progressive\" thinking is WRONG. One of your co-workers from a high-rise in NYC could have been at that concert. Carnage and HATE and DEATH is wrong no matter the circumstance.\nLet's get off the high-horses and figure out how we can all work together to find a middle ground to STOP the madness we're in!", "ISIS? Are you kidding me???  I fear a white American male with a full arsenal of deadly weapons far more than any Muslim terrorist.  When will this madness end???", "Radical American Terrorist.", "I live in rural East Texas. The gun season is upon us. Shots ring out through the mornings, evenings, and occasionally at night.\nSitting quietly here at our local cafe, I can tell you already that the retort to many of your comments below will be, \u201cNo one is going to tell me what to do\u201d. Your cries for \u201csensible gun-control\u201d are non-sensical to almost everyone in these rural places, which makes them sad, sad place to be on mornings like these", "If we had just rounded up all the Muslims and banned them from our country....oh wait, The shooter was an old, white guy.\n\nWe live in a country that is hive of automatic weapons toting, hostile, over-entitled white people that prefer to keep it \"safe from a tyrannical government\" by making all of us live in a country bristling with deadly weapons that any and every nutjob, terrorist, or ex-felon has the right to own en masse.\n\nThanks NRA! May you and the slimey politicians you buy roast in hell.", "As many have noted, if this was a Muslim who had done the shooting we would have Trump and his fellow Republicans shouting about how we have to shut down immigration as the answer.  But if it was done by a non-Muslim American, they don't give a damn.\nI'm always reminded of a scene in the movie \"The Magnificant Seven\" where the Mexican bandit leader, complaining about the problems he faced robbing a bank in Texas, says he learned that \"In Texas, only Texans can rob banks.\"\nWhat we've already learned many times over is that in America, only Americans can slaughter their fellow citizens.  ", "How is it possible for this guy to get over 10 rifles into a casino hotel on the LV strip?  They usually have more security than TSA.\n\nHow can this country condon the private possession of automatic firearms?  Their only purpose is to kill people.\n\nCongress needs to investigate the NRA: where does their funding come from, how are they supporting domestic terrorism, and what is their association with organised crime?", "Like shooting fish in a barrel...  That's the first thing I thought.  Sophisticated weaponry from a long distance, and a well-lit stadium.\n\nThere's no point in saying anything further given our Wild West mentality and the incompetent and fearful moral failures leading our government right now.  \n\nBrought to you by the NRA", "I want to know just what kind of wall people think we should build to keep U.S. citizens like him from wandering freely through the country with an easily obtained automatic weapon preying on the rest of us.", "So far this year, not counting yesterday, there have been 11,652 gun deaths in the US and 273 mass shootings*.  Had enough yet?   No?  Well then, carry on.\n\n*gunviolencearchive.org", "I am sorry for the loss of life and for those injured. If the gunman had been a Muslim, Trump would surely have called this for what it was - terrorism. He did not. Sad, isn't it. This is terrorism even though the shooter was not Muslim. There will not be any gun control. When those 20 first grade children didn't elicit enough sympathy from Congress for gun control, this won't either.", "Sadly we have shown over and over that we are okay with this.  Now I understand how horrible dictatorships and wars and genocide get started.  Not just that reasonable people stand aside and do nothing, but that apparently there are not enough reasonable people in the world.  There are too many people who are looking for any excuse to hate and shoot things.  ", "The well regulated Militia strikes again... ", "I am anti gun but after this incident I am thinking of buying a macbine gun. Whatever side you are you need to protect your family.", "This creature either stole a fully automatic weapon (Vegas has many shooting ranges where you can fire machine guns), or modified an existing semi-automatic weapon to fire fully automatic in order to increase the carnage. And he no doubt saw this as a way to seek revenge for not getting the job or cushy life he felt he deserved as a white male. And he exacted it in a way many men in this country spend their days: Shooting it out, video game-style. In many ways, he just lived the American Dream. Don't be surprised if the NRA now embraces legalization of fully automatic weapons so we can better \"protect ourselves.\"", "This is home grown terrorism. When are we going to enact laws for gun control? Why do ordinary citizens need firearms in populated areas. The only wild animals are unhinged people who go on a shooting rampage. This isn't the Wild West any more. Or is it?", "This is our Bataclan massacre.  Except white men with unlimited access to guns are our terrorists.", "The unending cycle of mass shootings in this country are the direct result of corporate greed by weapons manufacturers. Their bottom line is their only concern. Not our safety, not our freedoms, not our rights and certainly not our lives. This is the price we pay to let guns be so prolific. If you believe as I do that we've paid a high enough cost well before this tragedy.....then there can be only 1 action. \n\nREPEAL THE 2ND AMMENDMENT!", "\"If those in the audience only had automatic weapons, concealed guns and armor piercing bullets they could have defended themselves.  RIP.\"\n                                                                                 National Rifle Association", "It's a good thing Trump reversed Obama's ban on selling guns to mentally ill people. I expect he will soon give the NRA a trophy for \"lifetime\" achievement. ", "10 rifles?\nhow does someone even carry these into a hotel??\n\nWhen little children were massacred and the nation did not react with immediate outlawing of killing machines, this latest horror will certainly not do it.\n\nThis IS terrorism. By americans, inflicted on americans. ", "\"Doomed\"..now the norm and also there is the keen sense of\nalready being  so scarred and entrenched in expecting grave killings. \n\nSickness. evil. Godlessness. And very modern in America.  Notably!\ncreep show to the max.  Good night Nevada. Bless you in all ways.\n\n Happened.  Ruined. Hurt.  Adapt, improvise, overcome. Use whatever works", "I'm sure now Rumpie and the NRA will say it wouldn't have happened if all those people had automatic weapons so they could shoot up to the 32nd floor.\n\nThank you NRA, gun dealers, gun manufacturers, and all the rest of you that fetishize guns and believe them to be a necessary totem of American machismo.", "ho hum, just another day in the United States.\nWe are getting numb to all these shootings.\nMore homegrown terrorists.  (Probably NOT ISIS related).\nAnd air head (trump) appropriately offers sympathy, but will do absolutely nothing to rein in gun control.", "When will it cease being \"too soon\" to discuss root issues (including access to firearms) behind mass shootings by (largely) white American males:\n\nA day?\nA week?\nA month?\nA year?\n\nWhen?", "How many more American corpses before someone has the decency to stand up to the NRA and its lackeys? I have a 10-year-old boy. Will my lesson to him be to live in fear? Is fear an American value? ", "Automatic and semi automatic weapons should be banned for civilians", "The only solution is to end ....  \n\ncrowded places?", "Donald J Fuktard tweets our thoughts are with the victims god bless -  Great, how about sensible change in gun control, the holy grail that rules the Republican party.  ", "Wait for the NRA to staunchly argue that, had the dancing crowd be all armed with assault rifles, they would have promptly rolled to cover commando-style and returned fire with eagle's eye precision, thus averting a massacre.", "To all the spineless politicians who continue to vote to allow automatic weapons to be legal - good news I imagine - the NRA will once more 'rain' down upon you even more lobbyists and money.", "Time to ban people from Mesquite, maybe even all of Nevada. Dangerous dangerous places.", "Guns don't kill people.\nCrazy people without guns rarely kill people.\nCrazy people with semi-automatic guns with increasing regularity kill a lot of people.\nCrazy people with guns meet the definition of terrorists. \n\nWhat is the part of this simple deductive reasoning that the NRA cannot understand?", "I realize this is a somewhat minor point, given the gravity of the situation. But, I feel like it's inappropriate for the Times to publish photos of piles of bloodied, dead humans. It's pornographic and shows the irreverance this country has for death and life. ", "When will our Congress wise upto the violence the NRA promotes and enact sensible gun control?", "Trump put more passion into defending the KKK and Nazis and insulting peaceful protesters than his tweet about this.\nAnd I want to know why, in an open carry state all the \"good guys with guns\" didn't stop this shooter? Were they all running like scared children like they did in Texas last year? It's time we all realized that they carry guns because they're cowards, not because they're brave. ", "Where is Trump's tweet of sympathy and outrage?", "First Domestic Terrorism from a 32nd floor window.\n\nNext it will come from a Drone.  \n\nHow long do we have to wait for Sanity in DC?", "Hello, Trump?? Are you out there!? The worst act of domestic terror since the Oklahoma City Bombing just occurred, and all you can do is send a tweet and let Huckabee cover it? Another time the country needs you to show leadership. Another epic fail.", "What country on the travel ban list did this shooter originate from?", "I listened to the recording and what you hear is automatic fire -- lowish rate (I trained on a real M16 many years ago, it's considerably faster). but automatic.\n\nI'm pretty sure that this was some home-brew automatic conversion for an AR-15 clone -- plans for this are all over the internet.  Any garage mechanic can do it.  People may not remember it, but the reason the ATF and FBI became interested in Dvid Koresh and the Branch Davidians was that they were financing their cult by selling automatic conversion kits.\n\nFrom what little we know at this point Stephen Paddock appears to be yet another angry loser with some unfathomable murder-suicide need.  There appears to be no larger conspiracy, no political terrorism motive.  The men who wrote our constitution could not possibly have intended to make it a constitutional right for angry suicidal losers to kill 50 and maim hundreds ... in the name of \"freedom.\" ", "Why have you only included a picture of his companion? News companies more often include pictures of offenders when they are non-white and this perpetuates stereotypes about criminality and poc. Please do not do this nyt, because the horrible irony is that unarmed black people wind up paying for the fear this kind of gun violence instills in cops, even though most of these mass shooters are white. ", "Madman in France two people stabbed Madman in the US 450 killed wounded.\nWe do everything big!  ", "A country music fest. This guy didn't shoot up a mosque or a rap show, he targeted the most reliably white crowd that one could find in diverse Las Vegas. \n\nHow in the world will the experts stereo-type this one in to normality?", "Trump tweeted his \"warmest condolences\"... And he calls that leadership?", "My thoughts and prayers go out to the leadership of the NRA and their lackeys in Congress, because their souls are in peril of eternal damnation.  They have my warmest condolences!", "If nothing was done by lawmakers when 20 children aged 5 and 6 were massacred in Newtown, nothing will be done when 50, 100 or 200 people are killed in future attacks.", "Given that Michael Bennett falsely accused the LVPD of racism and pointing a gun at his head, I imagine it will be some Kaepernick ally. A Bernie bro, or antifa. So it happens when people like Bennett recklessly cause hate.", "Three hurricanes. Possible Nuclear War. Massacre at home. It has been a tough month for our nation. Another big moment for POTUS to demonstrate his competent leadership. Of course the anti second amendment crazies will use this as political propoganda as if the gun and not the human was responsible. That is their usual drivel. Dems never fail to politicize any crisis. ", "Poff, poff, poff makes the Kalashnikov, or was it a M16.", "Note to Wayne LaPierre and the NRA:  Undoubtedly your solution will be more \"good guys with guns.\"\n\nWho should also have been armed in this situation that might have made a difference?  The concert goers?  Hotel personnel?\n\nI can hear it now, \"the only way to stop a bad guy with a gun is housekeeping with a gun.\"", "The shooter was over 400 yards away, as per NYT graphic (A squared + B squared = C squared.) This kind of powerful weapon can be bought off the rack. And there is nothing we can do about it, on so many levels.", "Remember when Republicans like Ronald Reagan supported the assault weapons ban?", "its a small step from massively popular shooter games to the reality of something like this.  the psychic process is not a great leap.  avenging some perceived injustice via the arsenal one amasses thanks to the NRA's projected right to militarize oneself in the name of vigilanti justice is bound to be happening more and more.  the victims aren't real until they are your loved ones and neighbors who are cannon fodder for a gun and a gripe.  we will see more this unless something is done to prevent it.  It aint coming from  those who receive large campaign donations from NRA lobbyist.  ", "Explain once again how the Founding Fathers decided that the 2nd Amendment is worth the lives of all these people.", "This event is another horrifying example of how the culture of violence has taken hold in the U.S.: aided and abetted by Congressional inaction. Anyone expecting this event will provide the impetus to stem the tide is seriously deluded because any chance for effective gun control died on December 14th 2012 at Sandy Hook. The ultimate concensus was that the murder of 20 babies was considered an unfortunate, but acceptable, price to pay for 2nd Amendment \"freedom\". Americans who care about this have to vote for staunch gun control advocates. No more triangulating politicians mouthing squishy references to \"common sense\" gun control. No more tinkering around the edges with things like limiting the amount of rounds in a clip. Until the Congress changes we'll see this over and over again as long as anyone with a murderous grievance can acquire weapons of war.", "I'm over 50 and have known a lot of people in my day. NONE of the truly intelligent, virile, competent, successful and authoritative men I have ever known, from father/grandfather/uncle to friends & coworkers to lovers, has ever felt the need to own a firearm, let alone kill animals for sport.  They scoff at the pathetic weekend warriors who do. \n\nIt's a pathology.  A friend of mine has a wimpy, paunchy, lazy 60-year-old husband.  He is armed to the teeth and has a short temper to boot, always being aggrieved about something from what's for dinner to what Fox News is broadcasting.  He was in the hospital this past weekend for what appears to be a cognitive issue -- I said \"Maybe this is a good time to clear the guns out of the house. You can hide them at my house if you wish.\"  \n\nHer response:  \"I'd like to but you know how he is about his guns. If I missed one and he realized what I'd done, that could be dangerous for me.\"\n\nAnd she tolerates that constant undercurrent of threat just like we allow sub-par, ignorant, need, insecure males and their gun-worship to hold our whole country similarly hostage.  It's disgusting.  ", "By all means let us keep our guns so that even more people can be murdered going into the future.  And even though at least a third of suicides today is by gun, clearly not enough people are killing themselves BEFORE they kill others!  So disappointing.  \n\nBut thank you SCOTUS.  Thank you, Congress. Thank you, Koch brothers.  Thank you, Mercer family.  All of you have fostered and encouraged the ownership and \"proper\" use of guns.  What is more \"appropriate\" for a person with a gun than to kill?  So thank you NRA:  have you made enough money this year?  Too bad you don't have to pay for these unjustified deaths.  And I'm sure that many of those who lost loved ones in this horrific act were and are gun supporters.  Like our President, everyone should be encouraged to vent their spleen.", "At times like this, we need to just repeat the NRA mantra, \"guns don't kill people, people kill other people,\" to understand the root of this tragedy. Of course, people kill other people, but they can easily murder fifty people at a concert, or a bunch of little children at school with assault weapons, duly sanctioned and sanctified by our \"courageous\" second amendment fanatics . ", "Condolences to the victims of this heinous crime. I hope the authorities are able to get to the bottom of his motives, if, indeed, he had any, other than rage.\n\nIt nags me though: how could one shooter kill so many people? How many hundreds of rounds would it have taken? It seems impossible even with an automatic rifle. For the sake of sanity, I hope it was truly only one deranged individual and not more.", "I am sickened by this senseless act of domestic terrorism. My heart aches beyond measure for the innocent victims who have suffered the unthinkable in a nation whose laws did not protect them, and whose president showed no outrage at the fate they suffered at the hands of a domestic terrorist. What more will it take for the leaders of this nation to do the right thing for this country and for the American people? We are on a path of self-destruction. The Constitution has crumpled under the weight of special interests and those who care only about staying in power rather than in doing what they were sent to Washington to do: the hard work of providing the checks and balances as outlined in the Constitution. This minority-elected president speaks only to the angry mob that elected him and is leading our republic down a dark and frightening road. Republican leadership disappoints day after day after day as they refuse to stand up to this narcissistic man who cares not one iota for the future of this country or its people. I fear there is no horrific event, or outrageous act on the part of this president, that will motivate those who control congress to join together to do the right thing. Sadly, selfishness and power have trumped courage and duty.   ", "I'm haunted by a conversation I recently had with a Muslim cab driver in London.  Following Trump's travel ban he said, \"If your president really wanted to do something to protect Americans, he'd do something about all the guns in your country.  Not punish people that aren't harming you in any way.\"\n\nThis is an act terrorism, pure & simple.  Of course the president won't call it that.  Or the republicans.  Or the NRA.  But that's what it is.", "\n\u201cThis is not an exaggeration: This shooting was going on for at least 10 minutes,\u201d he added. \u201cIt was nonstop.\u201d  The police identified the gunman as Stephen Paddock, 64.\"\n\nLas Vegas is the machine gun capital in the world.  There are many gun ranges that allow people to shoot these kinds of weapons and a plethora of other caliber guns.  It's also a very popular activity for bachelor parties.  Unsure how or where the gunman learned to shoot, but perhaps having shooting ranges that allow machine gun practice could be stopped NOW.  \n\nSo much for the profile of gunmen like this one being a young, white male in his 20s.  There is no reasoning for senseless murders like this one or any murder.  Such hatred.  I wish the gunman had just killed himself. . . first.  Why take innocent people with him?\n\nSincere prayers to the victims and their loved ones.", "And  now we await the excuses from NRA talking head Wayne LaPierre, explaining that if only the concert goers could have carried anti-tank weapons they could have taken the gunman out.\n\nAnd the impotent silence from those Senators who voted against the assault weapons ban.", "The ongoing legacy of Scalia's grotesque misreading of the Second Amendment. Well-regulated militia, where art thou?", "Shooters with a Muslim background (or even just a Muslim name) have been called 'terrorists' in knee-jerk fashion, even when there were clear signs they were mentally disturbed, rather than religiously or ideologically motivated. I understand how this makes people say that a non-Muslim shooter like this one should now be called a 'terrorist' too. But still, not every mass killer should be called a 'terrorist' or the word loses its meaning. Terrorists have some kind of ideological agenda. We will have to see what motivated this Stephen Paddock.\n\nAnd of course something has to be done to unarm the American public. It is frankly unbelievable that automatic weapons, for which there is only ONE purpose (that has nothing to do with a rural hunting lifestyle) can be sold to civilians.", "Deepest condolences to everyone affected by this latest and senseless display of assault rifle barbarism.  Prayers and candles will be lit for all of you.  ", "Second Amendment rights. They are just so great.\nCan't wait until Trump blames Islamic terrorists for this, and his base believes him.", "What now, Mr. pResident, a travel ban from Clark County, Nevada?", "These things happen again and again, and what is Congress doing? Anything to stop it? No. Instead, they're pushing a silencer bill, calling it a Hearing Protection Act. Insane. Call your congressman.", "But gun control laws will only ensure that only criminals have access to guns....", "We need to have a little more information as time goes on. Especially who the Board and CEO of the assault gun manufacturers are. I don't want any of my loved ones getting anywhere near them. Also, please post the names of all NRA Board members. This would actually be a public service.", "Unfortunately, we'll have the same debate for the next three days that we always do until Trump sends out his next stupid tweet about something else that will push this story out of the news.   \n\nThose who are paranoid that the government is going to take away their guns will say that if only more people had guns, they could have stopped the shooter.   And that guns don't kill, people do.   (Yes, they do...with guns.)  Others will call for reasonable gun controls.   Apparently, the shooter has had run-ins with the law before.   It's not clear if he was ever arrested, charged or convicted of a crime, but we have to wonder why we keep letting people who have had \"run-ins with the law\" acquire a seemingly unlimited amount of guns and ammunition.\n\nAt the very least (since we live in an insane nation which won't put reasonable gun controls in place), we need to return to a ban on automatic assault weapons. \n\nBut it won't happen because we're a very sick society.   ", "FIRST: Ban all assault and semi-automatic weapons.  Period.  SECOND: No purchasing of weapons that kill, on-line or through the mail. THIRD: Background checks cross-referenced with mental health records, criminal records and terrorist watch lists, FOURTH, no concealed weapons; restrictions on hand guns like New York City\u2019s. These must be national to prevent sieves like Chicago's. FIFTH- as we do with cars, marriages and dogs: training, tests, licensing and registration. SIXTH- all guns must be INSURED by owners. SEVENTH-waiting periods, like those we have for abortions. EIGHTH- Gun locks, make it a crime to keep a gun unlocked when minors or mentally ill people are present. NINTH- Smart guns which only fire for the owner.  This technology exists, why is it not required? TENTH\u2014all bullets need to be ID\u2019d, ELEVENTH\u2014US government will only purchase guns from manufacturers who use all current safety regulations, devices and precautions, TWELFTH\u2014a buy-back program for all existing guns. THIRTEENTH\u2014fund gun violence research\u2014release the funding. FOURTEENTH\u2014restrict the number of sales of firearms to individuals to some reasonable number per month/year, thus curtailing the straw purchase pipeline that facilitates the (non-background checked) \"private transfers\" of firearms through which 80% of criminals obtain their weapons, and decreasing the likelihood of stockpiling.", "Where were all the good guys with guns??  I don't understand how our rigorous anti-random gun violence system has failed (again)!", "No words!\nI'm numb.", "I can't wait for the NRA's statement about the obvious need for every concertgoer to carry a machine gun \"for protection.\"", "I don't want to play the part of devil's advocate, but I feel I have to.  Many people here are crying out that this be labeled as terrorism, and they wonder why it has not yet been classified as such.  All mass murder is not terrorism.  Terrorism, by its very definition, is a violent act that attempts to achieve some kind of political or social goal.  If the shooter was simply killing out of sheer demented excitement or anger, with no larger statement or purpose, then it isn't terrorism no matter how despicable it is.  But it is mass murder, which is just as bad.", "Another senseless killing. Even more senseless that we've become so divided that we cannot even mourn our collective dead without worrying what the other side is going to do in retaliation, not against the actual perpetrators or the problem itself, but against their fellow citizens.\n\nAnd that is why this keeps happening......we cannot even agree as to what is killing us. We're turning into Pakistan in terms of our impotence.", "Another massacre. Another day in a gun loving nation. Trump is at loss for words, why, don't want to outrage his base and the NRA.", "Yet again!!!\n\nYet again we wake up with shocking news of a terrible shooting.  Yet again it\u2019s a native born American shooter.  Yet again automatic weaponry has caused panic and death at a peaceful event, staged for pleasure.\n\nYet again we are saddened and outraged.  \n\nAnd helpless.\n\nIn the face of a Congress that refuses to take weapons of war out of the hands of civilians.\n\n\u201cHow long, O Lord?\u201d", "We need affordable, easily accessible health care, including mental health, for all!", "My first question was... Where was the \u201cgood guy\u201d with a gun to stop this bad guy?", "It's a shame that we live in fear of gun violence and law-makers will not act. \n\nAnd, as I heard on NPR this morning, the stock prices of gun manufacturers are on the rise in todays stock exchange. Slaughter of the masses at a music concert and the gun manufacturers profit. A shame.", "Trump feels \"warm\" about the victims of cold-blooded killings. The \"everyman needs an arsenal\" attitude is his base.", "More senseless carnage.\n\nEvery needless deadly assault brings fresh horror, followed by \"thoughts and prayers\" and collective amnesia.\n\nNo end in sight.", "What does one do or say about this?  Another person, another \"we never saw it coming,\" fires into a crowd of people, killing scores of people, and here we go again.  \n\nAs in every other shooting like this, it wouldn't have mattered if the entire crowd of country music fans was armed.  They could not have prevented this attack.\n\nAt what point do we realized that the good guy with a gun is just another guy with a gun?", "Responsible gun owners should feel motivated to find ways to prevent such incidents.  Otherwise there is some chance that people will eventually be so disgusted that a drastic solution will be used, even perhaps repealing the 2nd Amendment.  (Yeah, I know, that's crazy talk.)", "I attended the Paul McCartney show at Madison Square Garden recently, which had airport style security checks complete with metal detectors. This should be mandatory for entertainment events.", "\"A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.\"\n\nI doubt Pollack was part of the \"well-regulated Militia\" (with a capital \"M\"), so what was he doing with all those guns, and how did he get them all into the hotel room?\n\nOh, I forgot, Nevada is in the Wild West, where the guns laws are:\n\n\"Nevada law does not require firearms owners to have licenses, register their weapons, or limits the number of firearms an individual posses. Automatic assault weapons and machine guns are also legal in the state as long as they are registered and are possessed in adherence to federal law, according to the National Rifle Association....Nevada does not prohibit the transfer or possession of assault weapons, 50 caliber rifles or large capacity ammunition magazines. Local law enforcement issues concealed handgun licenses. Open carry is legal without a permit.\" (Newsweek, 10/2/17)\n\nNo other nation experiences such mass shootings by its citizens. This is what happens when a Supreme Court of the land emphasizes:\n\"the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed,\" rather than the safety and security of adults and children in a free State.\n\nWhat could possibly go wrong?\n\nSo how many unnecessary deaths and how many times does it have to go wrong before a democratic nation comes to its senses and has reasonable gun laws to protect the people--as in other advanced nations?", "The shooter reportedly lived in Mesquite, Nevada, which I expect will be added to the president's travel ban list.", "There is a photo of a police officer taking cover behind her cruiser and holding a shotgun.  A shotgun. . .\n\nPeople who complain about the militarization of local police agencies need to realize that until the time comes when America regulates who can possess a semi-automatic (and fully automatic) assault rifle, asking police officers to engage active shooters with shotguns (a short-range weapon that is ineffective against an AR-15 assault rifle - a combat weapon) is both unreasonable and very, very dangerous for the officer.", "The last \"worst mass shooting in American history\" was just 15 months ago.", "Although I do not agree with the amount of private gun ownership in the US, that battle is essentially already lost.  There are many very responsible gun owners and a few mad men or fanatics.  With the hundreds of millions of weapons already out there, we will never have gun control laws that eliminate risk.  Instead, we have to really refocus on keeping guns from unstable persons and on mental health laws and practices, as well as security against these types of incidents, whether the result of insanity or terrorism.", "My heartfelt sympathies to everyone affected by this horrible tragedy that cost so many their lives. My thoughts go out to all those injured at this time and it is my sincerest hope that they are all able to pull through.", "50 dead, over 400 injured in the worst mass-shooting in history. We'll mourn, point fingers at each other, and then in the end do absolutely nothing. If an entire first grade class can be wiped out, it's going to, unfortunately, take a much higher body-count than 50 to bring about any meaningful change or even dialogue.  ", "At long last the Rights declared by the U.S. Constitution to be \"unalienable\" that of Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness must trump Americans 2nd Amendment right to possess firearms, at least in it's current interpretation, which does NOT require any sort of \"well regulated\" militia overseeing the mental health of its members, Americans who today may EACH have more firepower than George Washington's entire army possessed at Valley Forge.  ", "the sad fact is that Americans just don't care. we express horror and condolences, but never force our legislators to take preventive action. then another atrocity happens. then another. the NRA has succeeded in creating a culture steeped in distrust and self-isolation. ", "Do the RIGHT thing and the NEEDFUL. Prayers, condolences, flowers, memorials, #Hashtags, Tweets, Facebook posts, Whatsapp messages are NOT HELPFUL even to the extent of 0.0000001%. Gun Control has always been a fancy on-stage topic for speeches and discussions. NOTHING has been done so far. Even the last good deed by Obama was rolled back thanks to the new supremo.", "We might as well just build a giant altar on the National Mall.  It could be called our national altar to the sacrifice of innocent Americans gunned down by maniacs who were able to access military grade automatic weapons.  The gun lobby, so effective at bribing Republicans could pay for the upkeep.  \n\nThe truth is we are okay with a bunch of innocents being shot whether at a concert, in a nightclub, at a school, at a movie theater, at a political rally--where ever.  Because we don't care enough to push for background checks or the ban of  automatic weapons that serve no purpose other than killing large numbers of people. It is beyond disgusting.  I loathe what has happened to my country.  More people killed each day because so many elected officials are utterly spineless.", "Our country has a national health crisis. It is GUNS and more GUNS and more lax GUN laws. Until these insane laws are changed, I will not go to any of these types of sporting or music events.  I am not afraid, I am outraged and this is my form of protest - a boycott. What would happen if nobody went to sporting events or music events for one year due to risk of getting killed. Would big money performers start lobbying against the big money NRA? ", "In many states, people can walk into a gun shop and walk out with an assault rife, no background checks.\n\nUntil this stops, this kind of carnage will continue, it's that simple.  ", "Our country and society is rotting right under our noses. I don't own a gun and never will but it's nice to know that if I want to shoot a herd of animals (people included ) there are guns and silencers for this type of activity to do it quickly and efficiently. ", "Nevada is an \"open carry\" state. So what happens when the SWAT team responding to a shooting comes around a corner and sees half a dozen guys with weapons at the ready? Are they the \"good guys with guns\" also responding to the shooting? Or are they the guys doing the shooting?\n\nAnd if you're a member of the SWAT team, how much time do you want to take to figure that out?", "if we can't stop the sales, can we deport the men who own automatic weapons?", "While I understand the anger and frustration of many of the other comments, I find them to be, at best, insensitive. This tragedy happened only hours ago and many families still don't know if their loved ones are ok - it's not the time for politically charged comments.", "Thoughts are with those that were there, or those that had friends and family there.\n\nLet the politicizing on both sides begin!", "As as long as everyone else is ignoring the human element in this tragedy, I'll chime in with another political comment:  I cringe every time I read the phrase \"sensible gun control.\"  If only those who use it could be believed.", "Many here excoriate politicians for their unwillingness to act against the wishes of their masters, the NRA and other gun rights organizations. While indeed true, the fact of the matter is that the American public allows this to continue. Their unwillingness to stand up and remove those to whom they gave power. Basically, a majority of the American public are alienated from politics as practiced in this country. Ignorance, despair, and nihilism hold sway over large swaths of the electorate. Their conservative values disallows them to insist with fervor most anything, let alone protesting in the street. The sick will continue long past my life.", "Something America excels at...killing other Americans. I wonder how many of the victims were carrying firearms for self-defense? ", "I will be amongst the first to say - you will hear much agreement later after police and military experts chime in - that the SWAT response to this attack was very poor. The police - to Target distance to shooter is no more than 150 meters.  Any amateur with well zeroed rifle scope and cover could have taken shooter out with a common production bolt action rifle such as a Remington 700 that costs $800 and a few rounds of ammo, perhaps even a single shot.  I am going to tell you up front - SWAT acted like a coward here.", "Apparently, America can\u2019t even protect the right to enjoy country music in peace.", "Legal weapons used for their intended purpose.  This is the type of behavior that makes America Great!\n\nCue the shooter was \"mentally ill\" in 3. 2. 1.", "Trump can't handle this. He is incapable. \n\nOther Republican leaders also can not handle this gun problem. They've shown us they can't with Sandyhook. \n\nWe have a government that is incapable of handling gun violence. And its unacceptable. ", "Start the countdown before Donald deflects attention by tweeting about some ungrateful minority group. His base demands it... ", "Thus far, every article that I have read concerning this deeply, deeply tragic event claims that the shooter is not believed to have perpetuated an act of terrorism...wrong! This IS terrorism, Domestic Terrorism! And until we name it as such, we will forever repeat this viscous cycle where white, male shooters are given special classification.", "What can anyone do in the face of such madness? As news of our possible extinction due the Non-Stop Global HeatRise becomes widespread; are we going to face more such situations? How can we prepare? Or do we face an increasingly violent future as individuals blame each other for our collective failure to act when we first knew of the threat to our existence? Deepest condolences to ALL Americans. May they find a way to LIVE without the fear and anger that shall otherwise prod and multiply what that fool started.", "And when it turns out that this is an anti-trump extremist ..... silence on the left.\n\nStephen Paddock at:49. Stephen Paddoock and Companion Marylou clearly seen at 1:08\n\nLet's be clear - There can be no reason for anyone to bring 10 rifles into a hotel room. A reasonable solution would be for hotels to establish \"gun rooms\" where those traveling with multiple rifles can be stored safely.\nHowever, people should have the right to carry an individual firearm with them - as is their second amendment right \n\nhttps://www.usatoday.com/videos/news/nation/2017/08/23/pro-anti-trump-pr...", "Just another day in our \"great\" country under failed leadership.\n\nNo, we will not tolerate listening to people like Senator James Lankford saying \"this is pure evil.\" This is the result of the pure insanity of our failed Republican leadership.\n\nSo now, the American people will have to endure one more disgusting response from a terribly divisive Trump regarding the Las Vegas killer --- a home-born terrorist who obviously loves the NRA, another \"loyal\" friend of Trump.\n\nTrump will read some prepared remark from a teleprompter without any real compassion or sincere commitment, just like he supposedly denounced the white supremacist Charlottesville massacre.\n\nToo many enraged people in the world --- and its getting worse with all Trump's silent supporters enabling our failed presidential \"disaster.\"\n\n\"Disaster\" is Trump's favorite description for President Obama. Every day we  watch another disaster, day after day, one by one, day after . . .", "Aren't we being discreet! There seems to be an elephant in the room. ", "A sad, sick society grieves over this loss of life. It's political leaders bay under the control of gun lobbyists. It's leaders debate over what to call such acts. A country weighed down under the heels of irrational capitalism, circuses of spectacle, and nihilism. Environmental degradation, mass incarceration, and growing economic inequality. A kind of freedom gone mad. I'm waiting for a post-America, one set adrift from its settler colonial mentality, excesses, and ignorance.", "Ladies and Gentlemen, I submit to you that NOWHERE else in the world does this happen. \n\nThe American Dream has become the American Nightmare, it's citizens essentially shooting each other for sport.\n\nThis is what a society in decay looks like. ", "And our Congress wants to eliminate restrictions on the sale of silencers!  That's just what we need!  Relatives of a friend were able to flee to safety only because they HEARD the sound of the shots and thankfully ran.  Can you imagine if the sounds of the gunfire had been muffled?  Is this the priority of our lawmakers in Congress?  A disgrace, a shame, a senseless slaughter of innocent lives.", "it will happen again just like Columbine and else. Only cops should have semi or automatic weapons.", "Let me guess what congress will do. Could it be....absolutely nothing? Yeah, that sounds right.", "Second Amendment: A WELL REGULATED militia being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.\n\nHow is it that any nut can acquire a military assault rifle and be considered to be a part of a well regulated militia?", "Blame the NRA all that you\u2019d like, but they\u2019re fully functioning within the United States Constitution. Until that is changed by repealing the Second Amendment, these atrocities will go on forever and ever, just the way they have gone on in the past. ", "@Leslie,@Michael&amp;@Signmeup,\n\nI agree that we shouldn\u2019t be silent regarding the laws that allow these heart wrenching events to occur and reoccur, but for me prayer changes things along with works (actions). This is so painful I guess what I\u2019m trying to express is for us to address those broader issues in the near later. Today, I just want to focus on the victims and their families as I am numb. I am not negating the elephant in the room, I\u2019m just devasted that it keeps happening and guns are waved on stages like a flag while innocent lives are being lost. I hope you understand that I\u2019m not being evasive just very sad.", "So far as I know, the police have not reported on the type of weapon but to get that many rounds off, its a foregone conclusion he had ARs. I long ago suggested these be regulated as National Firearms Act items, similar to full auto rifles. Even Adam Winkler told me in an email that was unlikely to have enough support to pass Congress. So regardless of the fact that most people who own them will never misuse them, we will keep seeing these rifles misused to immense carnage. Its not worth it. Make them NFA items, now.", "it's the deadliest mass shootings in the U.S.A.... until today, de don't know what it will happen tomorrow. ", "In the sixteen years since 9/11, nearly one-half million people have been killed by guns, either by accident or willful acts.  During the same period, the NRA, republicans, and the Supreme Court continue to ignore, misrepresent, or play word games with the 2nd amendment\u2019s first clause \u201cA well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free State\u201d.  Instead, they fixate only on its second clause \u201cthe right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed\u201d.  Let\u2019s face it, we live in a \u201cGuns R Us\u201d society, propped up by right wing ideology.\n\nMake no mistake, the United States is by far the \u201cTerrorist Capitol of the World\u201d.  We kill here at home and abroad for no good reason other than to keep gun manufacturers and the military industrial complex happy and profitable spreading death 24/7.   ", "Trump feels \"warmest\" over the deaths in Las Vegas. \n\nNice sentiment, very empathetic, good command of the language.", "If a NFL player decides to kneel at the next football game to bring attention to the slaughter of innocent people in mass shootings, Trump and fellow Republicans will still attack him.", "It's amazing..... I see photos of his partner/roommate/female companion all over the news, but it is next to impossible to find a photo of the shooter. ", "One man, one shooter.  50+/- dead. 300+/- wounded.  So many guns...", "One man should not be able to bring death and destruction to so many. We must ban weapons that can be converted to automatic fire.", "If I hear one more Congressman say, \u201cMy thoughts and prayers are with the victims,\u201d and then go out and vote to ban refugees from non-offending Muslim countries and aporove more ways for white all-American terrorists to get their hands on weapons without gun checks .... why I\u2019m just going to go out and shoot up the next GOP softball team I can find to make them finally understand!  Oh, wait. Someone did that.  And all that happened was that they hugged each other and paid lip service to the spirit of bipartisanship for half an hour, were thankful for the fantastic healthcare they alone get, that WE pay for, and then went back to treating the American public the same appalling way as before\u2014without one iota of self-realization or irony. ", "Automatic weapons.\nWhen will the time be for republicans to discuss some gun regulation?", "My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting. God bless you! \n\nA truly horrific, barbaric and senseless shooting just took place [again] and claimed a number of lives and injured hundreds and he's sending a Hallmark sympathy card? Does no one in the White House have a clue about how to appropriately respond with outrage and anger yet offer comfort and reassurance as well?", "The madness of men.  What is it about men?  Why the obsession with dominance, murder, oppression?  Can any man out there explain this to me?  And no, don't go calling me a 'man hater.'  That's just a ploy to end the conversation and detract from the fact that all episodes of mass murder--all--are perpetrated by men.  Why???", "Within hours of each other there was an attack in Edmonton Canada and one in Marseilles Fance and this one in Las Vagas, USA.  The two foreign attacks were not with guns.  The mass murder in Vagas was homegrown in the land of guns.  And, I ask Mr. Lapierre, where should the good guys with the guns have shot to prevent this horrific act?  And, based on the videos, the shots were rapid fire.  What type of hunting situation, NRA, calls for that?  Congress, Mr. Lapierre, NRA leadership, you bear this on your conscience.  ", "Congress, this is all your fault. Hold them accountable.", "So now more people like myself, who don't own guns, will now be forced to go through the inconvenience of a metal detectors at high-rise hotels so the gun culture of this country can continue to thrive. Thanks NRA!", "I'm just going to post this article everywhere that I can. It is the most truthful I've ever read about our addiction to guns. The one that makes the most sense out of the horror which doesn't make any sense to me. Gives a whole new meaning to \"sending thoughts and prayers.\" People are praying; but not to the gods we've known. It's from another publication but it needs to be re-published.\nhttp://www.nybooks.com/daily/2012/12/15/our-moloch/", "I am a hunter and own some rifles. I don't belong to the NRA because of its insane policies that cause atrocities like this one. One does not need an automatic weapon to hunt, and that definitely was an automatic. Next they'll want to legalize hand grenades and land mines to keep people off of their property. It's insane.", "The mass shooting in Las Vegas is horrific.  However,  in this county over 11,000 people are murdered and over 50,000 deliberately injured through the use of guns each year.  Each such death or injury is horrific for the victim and his/her family.  If these figures are unacceptable, they should motivate us to insist on immediate steps toward better gun control (or even the banning of all guns).  But if they don't, the fact that 50 or more victims of gun crimes lost their lives in one incident, as opposed to numerous incidents, is not particularly relevant to the issue of what we should do about gun violence.  Our reaction to the Las Vegas massacre is understandable and predictable but it also is purely emotional.  Now is not the time to try to have a rational discussion about gun control.  But if a month from now we are no longer screaming for immediate steps to control gun violence, shame on us.       ", "The intended purpose of an assault rifle is to be able to kill lots of people very quickly. There are 320 million people in the U.S. and necessarily some of them are crazy. Why should anyone be surprised when a crazy person uses an assault rifle for its intended purpose? The only surprise is that it doesn't happen more often.", "\"warmest condolences..\" Really?\nThis is what he puts in his stupid Tweet?\nHe is so devoid of any ability to express or experience empathy, he doesn't even know how to respond to tragedies.\nHe dedicates a golf trophy to hurricane victims, while disparaging a Mayor of a devastated city who is pleading for help.\nThen, he offers his \"warmest condolences...\"  What does that even mean.  Did he mix up \"warmest regards...\" or \"warmest affection...\" or any other use of the modifier \"warmest\" in mindless greetings for his message of concern and what should be outrage and grief.\nThere is no reason a civilian should own an automatic weapon.  This president is a reflection of our horrific culture.\nNow let me ask you, how would anyone in that crowd, had they been armed, been able to protect themselves or others from what was essentially a sniper with an automatic weapon?\nAmerica is not great and Trump will not make it that way.\nI have shut down my Twitter account, forever.  I want nothing to do with this culture of hate.\nGoing out to do some good in my community.  Time to reach out to the least. Time to work to remove guns from our society.", "How did this happen?  Guns.  Nevada is soaked in America's gun culture.  Nevada bars advertise machine guns as raffle prizes.   People canvas on the street to loosen the already loose gun laws.   \n\nHow will the far right interpret what happened?  Who knows?  Too many people saw this tragic event to claim that it never happened.  And it strains credibility to claim that the concert goers could have effectively shot back &gt;1000ft into the hotel to stop the gunman.  \n\nMore guns would not have stopped this, just a reality of no guns.", "When will we learn?  How many more have to die?  The loudest voices will wrap themselves in the flag and claim that further restrictions will destroy this country.  News flash:  the destruction from guns is already past the point of civilization.  ", "\"My prayers and thoughts are with the victims and their families.\"  How many more times are we going to hear these words coming from those who refuse to enact sensible gun control laws?  Enough!", "\u201cAs far as his history and background, we haven\u2019t completed that part of the investigation yet,\u201d Sheriff Lombardo said of the suspect.\n\nWhat are the chances Mr Paddock had or once had worked in law enforcement?", "Please think how much worse it would have been if people had not heard the gunshots.  The police knew. where to go because of sound, and the concert goers knew something was going on, and that they needed to run.  The NRA is trying to remove restrictions on the sale of silencers.  Don't let them.  Please.", "Let's not forget that a root cause of this situation and similarly heartbreaking incidences in the recent past have resulted from the insane Supreme Court decision that it is the right of everyone to bear arms, including assault weapons, thus largely preventing all governments from implementing any reasonable preventive measures. And it is doubtful that any SCOTUS will reverse this decision in the foreseeable future, as it is loaded with 2nd amendment supporters who made the decision in the first place.  ", "If initial reports are correct, the gunman was using a fully automatic weapon capable of firing multiple shots with a single pull of the trigger. Such weapons are already illegal under federal and state laws. The point here, which gun control advocates are loath to admit, is that mere laws will not stop a person determined to do violence.", "It is extremely sad this these types of shootings continue in our country. Unfortunately, with the gun laws we have in this country, these will continue. I can only send my heartfelt condolences to the victims, their families who now have to live with the senseless losses, and all the witnesses who will be marred by this horrendous event.", "Automatic weapons made after 1986 are banned federally, no exceptions. Either he had $30K sitting around to buy one made before then legally, or he made it himself illegally. Laws don't stop someone with an intent to do harm.", "100% predictable reactions: gun sales will rise because people will be afraid that more restrictions will make it harder to buy them, and those fears will be unfounded because the Republicans don't have the spine to stand up to the NRA.", "That a person is able to acquire 10 semi-automatic rifles without triggering background checks and monitoring by his local police is unbelievable. The only way to prevent this type of carnage is to severely restrict access of individuals to military-style weapons that allow to shoot hundreds of rounds in a fraction of time.  The second amendment dates from 1791 when you shot once with a gun and took minutes to reload. There has to be a change to US gun laws to protect citizens from further carnage.", "This is a very tragic event, which we should mourn and remember, however, in these comments, there are many people talking about gun control and such, and how we should make guns illegal and such. But think logically; guns don't kill people, people kill people. Don't make guns illegal, just have a more secure and lengthy process for acquiring gun licenses and require more information to buy guns. It's the same thing that happened with airline security after 9/11. Instead of removing airlines, we made the security stronger. It's time consuming, it's annoying, but it keeps us safe.", "If silencers were required people would not be awakened by the sound of gunfire. Which is a growing problem in Trump's America. ", "My thoughts and prayers are with the wounded and the families of those who were killed.\nHow was this gunman able to transport so many automatic weapons to his room?  I don't know anything about guns, but surely this weapons are fairly hefty things - and he had multiple weapons in his room.  How is something like this even possible?", "It's been said many times before and will be said again in the future, unfortunately but those opposed to gun control clearly love their guns more than human life.", "Why do Americans care so much about foreigners shooting them dead on US soil, and so little about fellow citizens shooting them dead?\n\nThe USA has spent trillions of dollars over a decade on intelligence and military action abroad in an attempt to mitigate the foreign threat. But in terms of the exponentially greater domestic threat, the only net change is more guns in more hands, more public spaces (airports, bars, college campuses, etc.) opened up to those who wish to carry, and more laws defending those who shoot first out of a perceived sense of danger.   ", "I thought our country was in deep trouble after the GOP lawmakers in particular shrugged off the mass shootings of children, teachers, and staff at the Sandy Hook Elementary School.  And many citizens went on a gun and ammo buying spree.\n\nWhen will our country come to its senses?", "I am deeply sad, It is very sad to know that there are evil people in our world, we must respect everyone and live in harmony and peace.\nSAY NO TO VIOLENCE", "The Times says, \"Things we don't know\".  How about including - and reporting on when we DO know - whether this person had these guns legally?  Gun advocates like to fool everybody into thinking that shootings like this are done by people who got their weapons illegally. Now that I think about it, a chart showing all the shootings - with identification of legal gun ownership of the shooters - would be instructive.", "This exemplifies a peculiarly American public health problem that the NRA through a Republican Congressional majority has blocked research funding.  People like the shooter are always among us like viruses.  I want my government to study how to make these viruses less deadly,", "First school kids and now music concert adults, what else does it takes for the government to seriously consider to regulate lethal weapons? If a 64-years old man can cause this kind of sufferings, I don't know what a thirty something young man or two can do more? Wake up Americans.  We need gun control for sure. Otherwise, we will never have a peace of mind or we can all stay home to watch sports, music concert, and movies on TV.", "Until congress actually cares about America, and does something about this ongoing carnage  - take a knee. Until America actually makes an effort to become America - take a knee. Until the Supreme Court fixes the voting  gerrymandering that strangles this country - take a knee. ", "I thought that the good guys with guns were going to prevent this from happening, or at least from getting it to this level.\nWere they wrong?\n(Again?)", "A crowd of 20,000. in an open carry State with NO regulation or registration of weapons. Someone in the crowd must have been carrying,. How come they were not able to protect themselves? Isn't that the reason the NRA gives for carrying a weapon?", "Las Vegas' decades-long efforts to paint itself as a safe adult playground, what-happens-here-stays-here, also died in my eyes last night.  It is a bizarre, upside-down place, no matter how many trappings of normalcy and luxury it builds to paper over this.", "On top of this horrorific tragedy, we will now have to listen to all the sanctimonious protestations of sympathy for the families of those killed.  These are the same facilitators who claim that guns \"don't kill people\". Wasn't it Trump who asked the so-called defenders of the misshapen Second Amendment to go after Hillary.?  You distort what that amendment says and these are the consequences.", "The argument that is sure to emerge that having this weapon is somehow justified under the 2nd Amendment.  I suggest that those who make this claim have limited knowledge of that Amendment, or, perhaps like the NRA, knowingly manipulate its intended purpose.  And on this particular matter, I boldly include Supreme Court Justices.", "Neither tweets, nor prayers, nor good guys with guns are solving this problem. Perhaps time for another approach. ", "The Preamble of our Constitution states it was established was to \"insure domestic Tranquility\".  Our elected officials need to be reminded that they are sworn to uphold the entire Constitution - not just the second amendment.", "With all the sensational heated rhetoric on Television dividing and enraging the nation, this mass massacre does not surprise me but it is totally heartbreaking. Television makes people angry, enraged, and hyperventilating. The visual stimulus is all powerful. That's why I don't watch Television, instead learning of the nation and the world in a calm, detailed and rational medium like here.", "Time for another fruitless debate about guns. But aside from that, maybe this wouldn't be a bad time to pause and reflect on the selflessness and courage of our nation's police officers. ", "Just heard an audio of the first two minutes of the LV shootings. In that 120 seconds, there were four ten second segments where automatic weapons were raining at least 100 rounds of lethal bullets in each ten second barrage. The sound strongly reminded of the many scenes from just concluded the Vietnam War on PBS except that in Vietnam it took many bullets to fell a single body. Not in Las Vegas.\nWhy do ordinary people have/need/want/are allowed Vietnam War weapons inside USA? ", "Unfortunately it's about the money. You can shoot at or even shoot members of Congress and nothing changes. If anything, they will probably get more money from the gun lobby.\n\nI would love to see the political donations to members of Congress from the gun lobby now and 5 years ago. It'll be a pretty interesting picture if you can never get the information.", "The United States has become 2 countries. One - let's call it the United States of Progress - supports health care for all, sensible gun control, clean energy, etc. The other - call it the United States of Yesterday - clings to their guns and religion, supports unlimited access to guns, and allows millions to go without health care.\n\nThe former might actually be a majority of Americans, but the problem is, the majority of Congress represents the latter. So even though 80% of Americans support gun control, federal gun control legislation never passes.\n\nBernie Sanders proved engaging average people can lead to a movement. But it will only matter if we replace conservative representatives with progressive leaders. Millions and millions of lives are at stake. There is only one way forward, and that's with Democrats and progressives leading the way. I'm not optimistic, and events like Las Vegas fill me with despair.", "In the face of everything -- everything -- that has befallen our sad world of late, how would it be if we dedicated today, this one day, to be kind to one another.\n\nTo be gentle with one another.  Let's prove to ourselves we still can.", "I and my family offer our sincerest sorrow to the victims, their families and friends and those providing assistance. Love.", "If we are going to make guns so readily available in this country, could we at least get Universal Healthcare so that the victims and their families are not destroyed a second time, by having to pay for emergency and then rehabilititative care that is necessarily expensive?\n\nAnd could we also make a part of our healthcare robust mental health resources, since we undoubtedly will be told in this case that -- if only the shooter had had access to such care -- this would not have happened?", "I do have to make one more observation about the mass shootings in Las Vegas, Trump will be making a prepared statement in the next few hours. I hope that  he will not make a bad situation worse.\n\nAt times like this, a well spoken leader of our country would help console the American public. This the type of situation that had become one of the hallmarks  of President Obama's leadership. I so wish that he was still our president.\n\nAs a professional executive speechwriter, I am very uncomfortable when our current politicians say they are sending their \"love\" to those affected by tragedies like this. As Tina Turner would say: \"What's love got to do with this?\" ", "I find myself numb every time one of these horrors occurs in this country (or in others as well). But in other countries, you don't have what I consider to be a truly evil organization: the NRA. It takes absolutely no responsibility for what it has unleashed. And, of course, is active in campaigning for a Congress that will not go against their agenda. It is so numbing. So numbing. So awful. ", "i served as a medical corpsman in Vietnam. I can still vividly recall the first time I was a litter bearer carrying wounded grunts from medevac helicopters landing on the field to the emergency room. It was the most surreal moment in my life. Nothing prepares you for the carnage. And even though I had to qualify on the M-16 Rifle to make it out of basic training, I have never fired a weapon again nor have I ever owned a weapon. And to this day just being around a weapon makes me feel uncomfortable and brings back so many unpleasant memories. Of course, like after all recent massacres, there will be this intense and debate about the second admendment and the right of citizens to bear arms. But I doubt that if our Founding Fathers were alive today, they would be for some kind of sensible gun control legislation. The massacre in Las Vega reminds me of a bad day in Vietnam. What does that say about our country?  ", "When I look at the facts of this case,  I am not convinced that all kinds of federal gun restrictions would have saved any lives.  I simply do not believe that mass murderers obey the law.  But that doesn't mean I'm abandoning all hope.  According to reports, the shooter had multiple guns which may have included one or more machine guns.  Homeland Security indicates that the top targets for mass shootings include concerts and casinos.  So I place the blame on Mandalay Bay.  Allowing a guest to check in with a virtual arsenal in a casino hotel, overlooking a concert, is outrageous.  Either they should have had metal detectors or a security guard.  Anyone carrying 50 pounds of weapons should not have been routinely checked in.", "Too much \"thoughts and prayers\" by politicians (and citizens) and not enough actual action to stop this madness.  I am saddened but NOT shocked at all by this incident; I was recently thinking that it's been a while since we had a widely publicized mass shooting.  \n\nThere MUST be some possible middle ground on guns -- to allow certain kinds but not the deadliest that allow this scale of killing.  No way is this necessary.  \n\nI cannot imagine how much more difficult the job of the police is these days, with the country awash in guns.  Even under normal circumstances it would be a tough job, but this makes it more deadly by far, and probably contributes to the shooting of civilians -- when everybody may be armed, the police must be on edge.", "I am so tired of politicians saying they are praying for the families, the victims, instead of doing something about gun control. \n\nThere is a continuum from BB guns to nuclear weapons. Reasonable people surely agree citizens shouldn't be allowed to own/play with the whole spectrum. Reasonable people know there needs to be a line. Reasonable people ought to agree that automatic rifles are over that line.", "Senseless. Preventable.  The victims are to be mourned, and the wounded healed, but the scars of this attack, and all the senseless domestic attacks of the past, are only hardening the nation into numbness.  There will be no justice, no solution, and as a result, no real honor to give to the victims.  ", "\nIf only all of the \"heartfelt condolences\" and prayers that are pouring in from various politicians could be transformed and exchanged for solid, decisive and meaningful action and legislation which would prevent weapons such as the ones used in this murder from ever getting into the hands of a civilian again.   That's the level of commitment and sincerity I want, I NEED to hear and read about.  I could care less about the sadness politicians feel.", "The continuing insanity of allowing local Police to be outgunned because Military Grade Weaponry is in the hands of anyone who wants to buy it.  How does it feel to be a Police Officer nowadays, standing by watching a massacre as they had to do at the Orlando Nightclub, when going in would have been a suicide mission.  Knowing every person you pull over for a burnt out headlight, even a 64 yr old retiree, may have a legal loaded gun in the car.\nThe \"conservative' pro-gun politicians also claim to be pro-law enforcement, but they are asking the Police to do an impossible job.  As long as Military Weapons are in the hands of the public, the only way for Police to safely enforce the law is to ride around in tanks. This is what America is headed to if we don't wake up and exhibit the common sense to BAN ALL MILITARY GRADE WEAPONS. ", "Sadly, our hearts aren't moved enough to have sensible gun control from any mass shooting in this country.\n\nIt's going to take a collapse of economic interests that drives new guidelines.  When people become too afraid to show up at any venue to spend money, powerfully moneyed interests will lobby congress.    \n\nMeanwhile, our congress limps along when it comes to anything sensible.", "Thoughts and prayers...thoughts and prayers. You'd think with all that thinking and praying done by politicians these things wouldn't happen over and over again.", "Why do we permit military grade weapons and bullets to be freely bought and sold in this country?  I am a gun owner myself, but I remain fully in favor of sensible gun, weapon and ammunition controls in this country.  \n\nThese mass shootings will continue unabated until we as a country come together and say no more.  No more automatic guns, no more semi-automatic guns, no more unchecked ammunition purchases, no more silencers (with the NRA is pushing right now).  ", "If only there had been a good guy with a gun in the crowd who could have quickly figured out which window the shots were coming from all the way across the across the street and plaza who would have then been able to get a couple of shots off while bullets were raining down on him and stop that bad guy with a gun(s).\nBecause as we are often told, that is the solution to a situation exactly like this.", "If god fearing citizens were allowed to open carry rocket launchers, then they could have taken this guy down!  Restrictions on rocket launchers have to go!  ", "Donald Trump is obsessed with securing the borders against terrorists. But maybe it's time for Americans to look in the mirror and concede that the \"Enemy is us\" -- to paraphrase the comic strip character Pogo. \n\nWill the madness never end? How many innocent people have to die so madmen with military weapons can enjoy their 1776 constitutional right to bear arms in 2017? Oh, my. \n\nAmerica . . . I can only shed empathetic tears and pray that somehow, some way, Americans will come to their senses, find some way(s) to end such senseless, cruel, and barbaric slaughters.   ", "America, congratulations on your new record!", "The NRA will claim that those who chose  to exercise their right to carry a gun and did not,  would have had the chance to defend themselves.\nReally?\nFrom a sniper on the 32 floor of a hotel?\nThey didn't have hotels with 32 floors in the 1700's, when this antiquated amendment was written.", "Numb. Just numb. Again. I weep for all the innocent souls who were lost.\nThe only solace I take in this tragedy is that the NRA was almost right: the only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun, apparently, is the bad guy's own gun.\nWe don't need second amendment solutions as our Fearless Leader once implored. We need solutions to the second amendment. ", "Trump will find a way to inflame the situation, divide people against each other, or blame the victims.", "I sadly agree with others here; nothing will change to stop such massacres.  Hopefully a future generation of Americans will have more social sense.  But I\u2019m not encouraged by what I see.", "It's not like me to be at a loss for words but I am now. I feel so incredibly sad for our country and I feel so badly for these poor people simply listening to a concert and then subjected to this shooting. This is unbearably sad. ", "America, this is what you've chosen.  I don't know why you're surprised every time it happens.", "I am waiting for the usual tropes:\n1). if only more people in the hotel or at least on the floor where the shooter was had guns . . .\n2). now is not the time to talk about gun control.", "Killing another human being is a crime but it is also he result of some alienation, the evidence of some mental problem. For some it is considered a sin, a wickedness. In a country with more than 325 million people, with a culture of violence (cinema, television, literature...) and easy gun availability, shootings can and will occur regularly. Get over it.", "If only the good guys on the ground had had guns as well.  They might have been able to....Oh, wait.  Scratch that.  This guy was 32 flights up.  No good guys with guns could have saved these fifty people.  What could have?  Sensible gun control.  ", "I can already imagine the NRA statement on civilians with automatic weapons: Las Vegas man \u201cmay have gotten a little carried away celebrating his second amendment rights\u201d.", "My partner is in Vegas on a work trip, and had the life-altering good fortune to stay safe.\n\nI can't help but think of all the people whose partners won't text them back.", "Someone should explain to our Numbskull-in-Cheif that condolences go to the survivors, not the victims. As if he has an ounce of feeling for anyone, anyway.", "Where was the \"good\" guy with his guns to take down the \"bad\" guy ?", "Hows that well regulated militia workin out folks?  Im so scared of ISIS and Ebola and Zika, oh my.    And cigarette smoking is a crime within 20 feet of my building.  Hmmmm.  Im confused about priorities.  ", "Interesting the female room mate is \"out of the country\"", "I'm watching MSNBC right now and a commentator is saying that the shooter \"obviously had a military-style [automatic] weapon\".\n\nWhy? In God's name, why? Why would any one need a gun designed for use on a battlefield? Why? Why do you Americans prize your guns over the lives of your fellow Americans? Why this toxic love affair with these lethal toys?\n\nAnd why will nothing be done?", "As in most assaults with guns, heavily armed good guys could do virtually nothing. What a terrible lie the NRA perpetuates.", "This is the U.S. 2017, when just about  anybody can buy any type of weapon! This is our reality, there is absolutely nowhere safe from this potential. Our politician's take money from the industry and will double down on the need for every man, wonan and child to carry a weap0n!! We our a sick sick society!!", "Iraq. Afghanistan. Somalia. Honduras. USA.\n\nWhere the heavily armed run rampant.", "Republican Genocide.  Republicans have been denying us morally right gun control laws since the 1960's when things were beginning to get out of hand.\nNothing less than Republican Genocide and governance failure.", "The NRA owns the GOP..both own this.", "Gee, good thing they put that travel ban in place.  It's done a GREAT job of keeping the terrorists out.  Wait, this is another white American you say?  Go figure.", "Maybe the NRA response will be: 'If everyone carried a machine gun, this wouldn't have occurred'...", "Ask the NRA: How would a \"good man with a gun\" have saved the hundreds killed and wounded by a madman shooting from a 32nd floor room?", "One of the worst acts of Terrorism since 9/11 on American soil.", "Is there any word other than \"terror\" to describe the photo captioned, \"A woman covered with blood ...?\"  ", "If you are still a member of the NRA today, you are not a decent person.  Actually that is already after Newtown.\n\nShame.", "This is domestic terrorism, pure and simple.  I'm waiting, Mr. Trump, to hear the words out of your mouth:  Domestic Terrorism!", "Liberals are disingenuous, The mass killings that occurred when Obama was the President not one of you blamed Obama. Even at this horrific killings you guys go to \"hate Trump'.   ", "Just a few more minutes until Breitbart, InfoWars and Alex Jones start saying the whole event was staged.", "shooter is an old white guy, Trump tweets \"warmest condolences\" Muslim American kills one person Trump calls for the entire religion to be banned in America and all muslims jailed/deported.\n\ngod forbid the shooter turned out to be mexican, Trump would have sent the Army to roust every mexican out of the country.", "I can hear the cliches of the unhinged, right-wing gun nuts already: \"Given this tragedy, right now ISN'T the time to discuss gun laws!\"\n\nActually, this is EXACTLY the time to discuss new gun laws and extreme restrictions on the sale and distribution of guns and ammunition. \n\nHow much MORE of this murder and mayhem are we Americans going to put up with before we come to our senses and do the right thing?\n\nIt's time to ban personal possession of firearms. NOW!\n\nAnd while we're at it, let's stop exempting the gun industry from lawsuits. If any business can be sued for the damage their products do, none of them should be exempt. ", "After the Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre many states relaxed their gun laws even further.  Even now typing that sentence causes me to feel nauseated.  \n\nBut worse yet, I have given up hope for any legislation to try to prevent these episodes despite the overwhelming majority of citizens, even just gun owners, who want more sensible gun laws.", "I'm horrified. And terrified for our country.\nMost civilized countries do not permit citizens to carry firearms. Big business runs our country, not us, not our legislators, and the firearms big business has deemed that the big money they make is more important than our lives.\nAnd no one has the will or power to stop them, or any of the other big industries that are killing us (Big Food, Big Chemicals, Big Weapons).\nWe live in a terrifying country.", "Typical bad hombre jihadist, Stephen Paddock was. Thank God Trump is protecting Americans with a wall and muslim ban!", "Let us wait for the next one, it will be bigger. We are not different from a herd of cattle run by pitiless cowboys (NRA). ", "I'm waiting for the statement from the NRA saying that if only every person at the concert were armed, they could have taken down the shooter on the 32nd floor of that hotel.\nWhen will this insanity stop?? The second amendment should be repealed.", "I get that we cannot confiscate guns from law-abiding citizens.  There are 300M guns that cannot be confiscated.  But we can tax them.\n\nThink of the cost to America of all the deaths and injuries, the extra jails, the extra courts and police caused by guns?  Think of the lost income, the children who grow up badly without a parent, the hospitalizations, and the sheer madness and despair that guns result in.\n\nNow tax those guns to pay for it.  How about $500 per gun per year?  Love your gun rights so much?  Then pay for it!!!  Over time, many would decide they did not love their guns that much.  Those who do not pay have there guns confiscated and pay tax-evasion fines.  Over time, the madness would diminish without a constitutional amendment. ", "More \"hopes and prayers\" again but no spine to actually DO SOMETHING about this scourge. \n\nWhen is 'enough' enough? ", "The families of the children killed in Newtown begged our heartless Congress to honor the victims and pass sensible gun laws.  Most Americans want to honor the victims by changing our gun laws, but Congress and the NRA honor victims with thoughts and prayers.  I'm tired of mourning victims with no hope of changing the senseless gun laws that allow for a man to lug a stockpile of automatic weapons up to the 32d floor and rain down on the people below.  I am old enough to remember another similar tragedy from a bell tower in Texas back in the 1960s.  We've only gotten worse and it will take political action to stop it.  ", "This is the carnage that a single man can do with a weapon (actually 10 weapons) that should not be in the hands of anyone but a soldier on the field of battle. \n\nThere are no words sufficient to this tragedy but these: \"Wake up.\" This is the bitter fruit of refusal to enact sensible gun laws regulating weapons like these in particular.\n\nThis is terror. \n\nAnd the worst acts of terror in this country don't even pretend to have political or religious motivation. The only way to reduce acts of terror and rage that have no rationale is to limit the means by which they can be enacted.\n\nWake up. Now.", "It is amazing how rapid President Trump's  response is when the victims are white. Sounds sarcastic and race baiting? No. Just reality.", "This situation once again shows how vital the news media is in breaking news situation. All reports on TV, wire services and online newspapers like NYT are all carrying the same information. Nothing is edited\n\nAs a former NYC journalist, I hate when the objectivity of the \"mainstream media\" is called in to question.\n\nThe same type objective and unbiased reporting is taking place in Puerto Rico. It is so disheartening when Trump and other politicians like him make their ridiculous fake news charges. \n\nIt is also time to look into laws that allow the sale of assault weapons to the general public and the right to carry concealed weapons. You would think the mass shootings in Sandy Hook and the Pulse nightclub would have people questioning the power of the NRA. Maybe this is the time that we will finally be able to break the NRA's stranglehold on our country.\n\n. \n\nyjyhqtthese types of ", "Vile and Disgusting, and I live in Vegas as well. God bless the Victims.\n\nI'm tired of seeing the same headlines, same feigned confusion, same American carnage. Stop whitewashing these events like they happen in a vacuum, there is a pattern of:\n\nPrimarily white males with Assault rifles, killing scores of innocent people, even children, and usually angry over some perceived grievance. This pattern of domestic terrorism has to be addressed. Period.\n\nThere, I said it.", "What we know about the shooter is that he was a relatively wealthy 64 year old retiree living in Mesquite, Nevada.  Owns to airplanes and apparently had the firearms to inflict the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. But this is just another day in the United States.  \n\nThe Las Vegas Strip is normally heavily defended from this type of thing.  The police, FBI and Homeland Security are all over the Strip.  I saw soldiers there on News Years Eve.  But this guy knew exactly what he was doing.  He rented a high floor room overlooking the annual sold out outdoor country music festival.  He commenced firing at 10 p.m., when the venue was full, 25000 people in an enclosed area proximate to the Mandalay Bay Hotel.  Paddock must have been an expert marksman, like the Orlando and Sandy Hook shooters.\n\nHe had all the firearms and ammunition he needed, he had the platform and in minutes in turned hundreds of concert goers, predominately young people from rural areas, into casualties. \n\nLas Vegas celebrates and actively promotes gun culture. You can fire military type firearms within blocks of this massacre.  ", "Another day in America. Next week this tragedy will be forgotten, replaced by another. And our politicians will do nothing. What a ignorant, violent backwater this country is....disgusting. ", "     What a man-made catastrophe and human waste, causing untold suffering to so many innocent folks just trying to have a good time...before being mowed down by a deranged individual...with high caliber semi-automatic guns that should  have no room in our society. Freedom and justice are most welcome; but license to buy weapons indiscriminately, giving republican and NRA-authorized, even encouraged, license???  It is high time to wake up to this disaster and do the right thing. ban military type weapons from our midst, and send \"greed\" packing (no more selling of arms of mass destruction). Can't we grow up, become responsible, and value each other, and therefore stop this shooting mayhem?", "A few things. First you cant just buy fully automatic weapons. Second we have solid background checks that limit who can own a gun. Some states have very strict laws on this. Third blaming the NRA for this is the most idiotic thing I have heard today. You people say all this nonsense about gun control and trying to protect innocent American lives yet you are all for an open border. Do you have ANY idea how many illegal weapons are trafficked across that border each year? BILLIONS of dollars of illegal weapons second only to DRUGS. you hypocritical jerks want to ban guns from the hands of legal citizens yet fling open the border and allow the cartels unhindered access to sell illegals weapons.. FULLY AUTOMATIC WEAPONS to every criminal and crook they can sell to. Do you know where the largest amounts of these illegal weapons go? To the states with the strictest laws. Gun control on legal citizens while preaching for open borders with mexico makes you the biggest hypocrites around. Stop regurgitating the same nonsense all of your friends say nd actually do some logical thinking.", "In the modern era, a president assassinated, the NRA wanted to continue mail order guns. Two attempted assassinations, murders and mayhem everyday in the USofA, as they say, nothing from the NRA. A press secretary shot in the head. Nothing. School shootings. Nothing. School massacres. nothing. A Representative in Congress shot down on a ball field. Nothing. A massacre in Las Vegas; \"...warmest condolences.\" Sad.", "More victims of the most dangerous group in America- White Men holding weapons placed in their hands by the NRA.\n\nThe NRA is the single most violent terrorist organization to ever have operated on American soil. ", "\"My warmest condolences\"? Has this president got even a modicum of a clue?", "\"The only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun.\u00e2\u20ac\ufffd NRA executive vice president Wayne LaPierre. ", "I trust the NRA will now pronounce that if everyone were allowed to openly carry automatic weapons, this wouldn't have happened. Then it will give lots of \"campaign contributions\" to ring wingnut politicians who will happily agree. ", "We really don't need heavy weapons to protect ourselves, Hillary and Obama were right. We need the Republicans get out of the way so the Democrats can  fix this mess (when people will learn voting Rep. will mean only turmoil). Too many guns on hands of too many crazy rednecks and people like Trump from hate groups. It turns out that was no foreign terrorism here in this case, but a single domestic maniac.   ", "Mr Trump,  How can you look at yourself in the mirror and still oppose gun control?  Shame on you!!  You can indiscriminately ship a poor hard working tax long resident Mexican back across the border with no due process, yet you condone the killing of innocent Americans by a gun toting psychopath.  You can countless innocent Muslims from visiting America, yet you condone the killing of innocent Americans by a gun toting psychopath.  How do you let people easily get hold of assault weapons, weapons whose only purpose is to kill and terrorize other human beings. Yet you pick unnecessary fights with NFL players and inflame a situation that need not be inflamed. Is that leadership.   Until you take the lead on banning guns the shame is on you.    ", "Just think how many he could have killed if he had a silencer on his weapons.", "another mass shooting in the usa... canadians shake their heads every time and are thankful for reasonable gun controls- our gun lovers still get guns up here but not like in the usa", "To the NRA and their cowardly lackeys in the Republican Party - you own this. ", "Horrible...my prayers and sympathy go out to the victims and families...a senseless tragedy...\n\nLargest and deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history...carried out by an AMERICAN CITIZEN...NOT BY AN IMMIGRANT...and possibly not even by someone who is driven by Islamic Extremism...\n\nSo easy to do this kind of thing in the ONLY country in the world where there are more guns than people and where getting weapons is as easy as buying popcorn....", "To be able to get military style weapons and ammunition, casually enough in a gun store and then go on and kill hundreds of people, and this insanity is lawful...when we live in times when thousands of mentally derange people roaming the streets... only in America!", "Conservative Americans supported the NRA when it didn't even shed a tear over the murder of young children.  And they will continue to support the NRA when it doesn't shed a tear over mass murder at a country music concert.  NRA members are the ultimate case study in cognitive dissonance.", "\"Warmest condolences,\" said the idiot in the White House. Imagine what he would've said and proposed had the white terrorist been Muslim. And who cares how warm his condolences are, or the bogus prayers he's offering the families? We need action, not prayers and condolences. We need to disarm the NRA and the endless travesties they are responsible for.", "The terrorist organization that poses the greatest threat to each and every one of us as we go about our daily lives in the United States is the NRA.\n\nThe reason that the NRA is allowed to expand their reign of terror is that they give large bribes, in the form of campaign $$$$$$, to the Republican Party.\n\nhttps://www.yahoo.com/news/the-nras-brazen-shell-game-with-donations-a-1...\n\nhttps://www.opensecrets.org/orgs/summary.php?id=d000000082", "Expected GOP response: \"Now's not the time to talk about gun control., blah, blah...\"", "Another act of domestic terrorism brought to you by its main sponsor, the NRA.", "We all know that nothing is ever going to change in this country.  Nutcases will continue to be able to easily buy weapons capable of killing large numbers of people in a short period of time, they will continue to use them, we'll have lots of thoughts, prayers and \"warm condolences\" from politicians, and gun sales will spike.  \n\nLather, rinse, repeat.", "Why no description of the shooter besides his age?  This is no time to be PC, NYT.", "So sad to see posters here blame this senseless murder on Trump in particular and the GOP  in general. Why must left-wingers politicize everything? Can't you people just give it 1 day of rest?  Just one?", "Every Year now we get a new Headline, \"One of the most deadly mass shootings in America\" and every year the death toll goes up as does the velocity that American's are gunned down.\nWe deny what we see with our own eyes, an unregulated populace with too many guns. And the response from our government leaders is to relax gun laws across the country, because more guns will make us safer.\nArrogance and stupidity are becoming the hallmarks of this country.", "This was a full automatic weapon --a machine gun or sub-machine gun . Extremely onerous and expensive requirements to own one legally.\n\nEasy as buying heroin on the street for $5 to own one illegally.\n\nMore laws to curb these will be as effective as the drug laws: I.e. they will make the organized criminals in these businesses even more obscenely wealthy than they already are.", "If everyone right now who is shocked by this event gives what they can to the Brady Campaign and/or Gabby Giffords\u2019 Americans for Responsible Solutions, or Everytown for Gun Safety, we can act, and build on the important work our fellow citizens have been doing to protect each other from this senseless violence that is unprecedented in our nation\u2019s history.", "NRA members and supporters, please explain this. Why should anyone other than someone who works in procurement in the military be allowed to buy semi-automatic assault weapons? For sport? How many bears can you kill in one day? How much deer can you eat? Did you forget the part about \"a well-regulated militia?\" That was supposed to defend the new country, not given to the village idiot or lunatic.", "I'm not exactly sure how, but I'm quite certain that it is Obama's fault. ", "This is a horrific, unspeakable tragedy and if it's possible to send strength and love to the families of the victims, I join all of America in doing that.\n\nAfter an airliner disaster, the NTSB performs a careful micro- and macro-analysis of the circumstances, its recommendations are implemented and as a result such tragedies are vanishingly rare. After each mass shooting, the NRA politicizes the discourse and muddies the waters, nothing changes and as a result such tragedies are unbelievably commonplace. At least these terrible, terrible occurrences still make page one above the fold, and maybe one day we'll wake up and implement common-sense regulations to change the landscape of privately-owned WMD.", "Until you call this domestic terrorism (and act against it, accordingly), these events are bound to happen. And sadly, will happen more often as neither the GOP, with their aggressive anti-middle-class work, and the DNC, with their vehement free-market-eerism and center-right policies which result in anti-middle-class societies, continues to wreck the lives of the very people that end up doing things like this.", "Scalia is dead and it's time to overturn the  ridiculous conclusion of his Supreme Court that the Second Amendment allows for every person in the US to own a gun.   The amendment clearly says a \"well-regulated militia\" not every yahoo with a bank account.   Time also to crack down on the NRA end it's contributions (bribes)  to politicians, end the gun shows,  and hold the gun manufacturers legally liable for the destruction done by their killing machines. ", "Prayers? No. I refuse. I want action. Only law enforcement and military personnel should have such firepower. The Second Amendment reads \"well-regulated.\" Firearms ARE NOT WELL REGULATED. These mass shootings are enabled by the easy access to high-powered assault rifles. It is senseless to allow just nearly anyone to get their hands on these weapons of mass destruction. Shame on the manufacturers for their constant barrage of lobbying and shame on our cowardly legislators for allowing it.", "This has become the norm in our country. The NRA owns our government. Until that changes, which I don't see happening in my lifetime, shootings such as this will continue to happen. ", "Rest In Peace for those unfortunate person caught up in this incident. If see something please say something to any one that can assist. Please be on guard for copycat acts that try to and do one better. \n\nRichardson ", "Conservatives need to wake up and realize that the defense of our democracy doesn't rely on civilians being able to out-gun the military, it relies on a military that is representative of the people that will turn against illegal orders and fight for the people.  This fantasy that we need to arm ourselves sufficiently to fight against our own military needs to end. ", "I wept when the kids at Sandy Hook were massacred. Now my eyes are all dry. No tear left but can still feel the profuse pain. We have a think ourselves who we are, what we value and where we want to go from here. From our past experience, we have more often taken a wrong path. But it\u2019s never too late to learn and make corrections. My condolences to all the families who have lost their loved ones. ", "Another mass shooting facilitated by combat weapons in private hands. I have no issue with hunting weapons being held by people who want to hunt, but seriously unless deer are now armed and shooting back why do we continue to facilitate these outrages by allowing weaponry like this to be public? The only \"civilized\" country with regular mass shootings is the only one to allow public ownership of these weapons. Gun control doesn't have to be about taking away the right to bear arms, it should be about my right to feel safe. But as ever this will be another instance where it is ignored because of single issue single brain cell voters, and yet again deaths will be in vain.", "How did a legally sold gun be allowed such a rapid fire mechanism? I thought we changed the gun laws to restrict that mechanism.", "A majority of Americans believe in having common sense restrictions on gun ownership, yet we can't make it happen. A majority of Americans believe that healthcare should be made affordable to all, yet we can't make it happen. A majority of Americans believe the rich should pay more in taxes, that higher education and specialized training should be financially accessible to all, and that the influence of large cash donations to our political campaigns, the influence of lobbyists, and the gerrymandering of our Congressional districts have all created a corrupt US government, yet we can't seem to do anything about it. Add to that list Americans' inability to trust the legitimacy of our elections, and it should be clear that anyone thinking of America as a democracy is lying to him or herself.\n\nWe're going to lose this country if we don't reengage ourselves in a way that no living American has ever seen before. The result of doing nothing will bring about the end to any real freedom and liberty for the American people. We'll find ourselves confined to a high-tech feudalism with very few genuine rights. We don't just need to make our voices heard; we need to make our vision a reality. But there is no status quo to this struggle. Things will continue to get much worse if we don't enact serious change.", "I still find it hard to understand that in America, one can wear (and then use!) the machine gun just because he/she can buy it in a store. \n\nMy deepest condolences to your country. ", "Why are people puzzled about solid objects being brought into a hotel? Hotels don\u2019t go through people\u2019s luggages. It\u2019s not an airport. Hotels don\u2019t screen for guns. Maybe they should?\n\nAutomatic weapons are already illegal, without special government permit.", "We couldn't get better regulations after little kids were killed in Newtown.  And President Obama said another mass shooting was just a matter of time.  Yet, our people resist moderate laws in fear of losing their rights. It's absurd.", "The gunman was using a firearm converted to full auto...it is obvious when you hear machine gun fire. The gun stocks will pop higher today and Americans will rush out to buy more assault weapons. It happens every time. Then there is no ensuing legislation to curtail the sale of weapons one would only use to kill people. Harry Reid(D) always put the kaboosh on \"antigun\" legislation. Yes, pro-gun is nonpartisan.", "A good thing that what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas...", "To see how the pro-gun crowd responded to this latest mass murder, I ventured onto 4Chan just now.\n\nThere was the typical attempt to show this as a staged event, the oblivious discussion on what kind of weapons he used and their efficiency, the lie that this was a gun-free zone (not Vegas), and then this:\n\n\u201dToday's killings present a serious problem for us because the usual pro-gun arguments don't work. The massacre could not have been prevented by any number of good citizens carrying firearms. We haven't seen anything like this in a long time, the anti 2A crowd is going to come at us from new directions and with compelling arguments, and it's insanity to bicker like this.\"\n\nSo a somewhat rational sounding individual suggests not listening to the \"compelling arguments\" but instead start circling the wagons.", "The fully automatic rifle you can hear in the videos of this horrible mass shooting  is illegal everywhere in the United States - only if you pay high fees and subject yourself to an intense police investigation can you buy one, since Prohibition days.  So the question is, how did the shooter get such a weapon? Or did he have AR-15s which he had illegally modified from semi-automatic to automatic?\n--Craig R. Whitney", "The shooter, Paddock, had eight guns inside the hotel room, along with two platforms set up to shoot from outfitted with ammo stashes.   He also had cameras to see police arriving, the news station reports. \n\nHe is believed to have used long range rifles, and automatic rifles.  He was 64, and died from self inflicted wounds.  \n\nLike the 1% of the gun owning population who owns 83% of the guns, Paddock was an NRA member and registered hunter.  He was white, and his surviving companion is described as a 4'11\" woman of 62 and of asian extraction.  ", "Right on, 2nd Amendment! When Steve Scalise re-emerged in Congress last week, I was disheartened to hear not one word about gun control. He spoke of the miracles of his recovery. There is only one miracle I can think of: That would be the imposition of effective gun control in this country, after the repeated massacres that we've been subjected to. Total insanity!", "This truly gives me pause to my support of gun ownership. I can't justify unfettered possession after an event like this. Even if I continue to support and promote gun ownership rights, I won't be taken seriously in the face of a flood of anger and revenge. I'm starting to think that perhaps we should be disarmed and left to the mercy of the Police and Military, that being just as potentially deadly as all the mass shootings.", "Surely the NRA and their paid-off members of Congress will justify this slaughter as the unpreventable act of a deranged individual.  When they say this, they really mean that this is the price that others must pay to maintain their fantasy of \"protection\" under the second amendment, not to mention the profits of the gun manufacturers.  I am really beginning to wonder if this country is permanently broken when innocent blood is spilled like this and absolutely nothing is likely to change as a result.", "There is a bill in front of Congress right now to sell silencers.\n\nThe NRA is arguing that silencers will protect the ears of hunters.\n\nNow, try to imagine that this gunman had a silencer.\n\nBill Bratton, the former head of the NYPD, said that it will probably pass.\n\nWe have lost our minds and no, NRA, guns do not make me feel safer.", "I know I should feel sadness and outrage, but I don't. This is America, folks. We've made our bed and now we get to lay in it. It's Monday, and I have a lot of work to do. I'll tell you all what I told my 6th grader as he was leaving the house for the bus stop this morning, \"Keep your head down.\" ", "If the shooter were black, brown or Muslim the article would have pointed that out first thing. Since race or religion wasn't mentioned should we presume the gunman was white and perhaps Christian? How long before our government realizes that we have a white male problem? And isn't a gunman slaughtering 50 people in a public event an act of terrorism? Or do we only reserve that label for certain types of people?", "A completely numb nation resumes arguing about the etiquette of NFL players.", "Let's do a thought experience on what the reaction of many in the 'no limits on gun ownership community\".  What kinds of reactions would we be hearing if the shooter was Muslim?  Or if the shooter came to the country illegally, even if it was as an infant 20 years ago.  Or, if an African American who expressed concern about historical racial injustices.  Imagine the outrage on certain talk shows and from certain pulpits.  But, if it's an older white guy, well, it's just an isolated incidence and shows the need for better mental health services. Oh, it it also shows the need for more \"good guys\" to be armed to stop the \"bad guys\".  God help us ... we have gone mad.", "Once again, the U.S. Congress has blood on its hands.", "50 killed (so far), over 200 wounded (so far) attending a Country & Western music festival; based upon the venue I must assume some of the slaughtered were also uncompromising gun rights advocates.\n\nMechanized gun slaughter is a public health issue. America outlawed civilian ownership of automatic weapons for many years, why can\u2019t we return to this sensible law? If reasonable gun control does not happen NOW do we surrender to the vicious \u201cwe\u2019re coming for you\u201d media ads put out by the NRA and do we dismiss every violent death due to gun violence as \u201cthe price each and every American must pay to protect a narrow reading of the 2nd amendment\u201d?", "The only outcome I can see for this is a sudden surge for firearms and bullets. Mass murder may be a disaster for the rest of us, but it is a boon to the firearm industry. Thanks, NRA!", "\"President\" Trump, you, of all people, certainly have no ability to request a blessing from God or any supernatural being.  You may have the power to push for enacting substantive legislation to address this country's sick obsession with guns, especially military style.", "I understand why the gut-reaction is to jump to gun control. I too, would like to see our gun laws changed. \n\nBut we do not yet know any of the information surrounding this tragedy. We do not know if the guns were purchased legally, illegally, shipped in abroad, etc. I think it undermines the movement to jump to gun-control before any information is released, because it creates the narrative that the gun-control argument is based on emotion, rather than reason. If the shooter purchased the gun illegally in Mexico, then the gun argument is coming futile in this instance and it is distracting from the reality of this particular situation. \n\nSo for now let's please give our respect for the victims and wait to bring politics into the debate once we know the facts. ", "Fifty dead? Two-hundred wounded? I hate to say it, but that's fairly routine for these United States of America. I doubt we're going to wake up until it's more like 200 dead and a 1,000 wounded. And maybe not even then.\n\nEspecially now that all the would-be domestic terrorists will realize that shooting people from the high floors of a building is the most effective way to inflict maximum carnage, it shouldn't be too long before the copycats come out of hiding. ", "My deepest sympathy for the victims, their families, and the city of Las Vegas.  Today, my thoughts and prayers are for improved gun and ammunition laws. Everyone in the US should be forced to watch these cell phone videos of helpless, wanton human carnage. ", "I'm so sorry for the victims and their families. We live in a country in which any fool can freely buy and own a gun and yesterday is part of the price we pay for this.\nI'm leaving the TV off for the rest of the week, I can't stand to hear the same old excuses like \"this is not the time to talk about gun control\", \"it's wrong to use this tragic incident to further the gun control agenda\", \"this is exactly why we need more good guys with guns\" etc. ", "The photo of the larger scene tells a critical fact:  A gunman was able to kill more than 50 people in a matter of moments from a distance of greater than 1,200 feet (nearly a quarter of a mile) in a matter of seconds.  For years, people have questioned why anyone would need a weapon that can fire numerous rounds with a substantial range.  As this incident shows, that answer would have to be extraordinarily compelling, because as is clear from the photos of the concert grounds, such weapons are meant to kill large numbers of people at a distance.  The people who have stood in the way of laws restricting the access to these weapon need to do more than point to their interpretation of the Second Amendment to explain a position which has put such immense power, unchecked in the hands of anyone.  Absent a an overwhelming need to so arm civilians, military-grade weapons should be restricted to the military.", "So what new relaxations are we to get to gun laws so folks can shoot back at someone up 32 stories? Now we need to have all citizens have access to rapid fire automatics, with silencers or course, so we can all be much much safer! Thanks to the Supreme Court and the Congress for getting us to where we are. ", "Yet another horrible case of gun violence where concealed carry among the targeted would have accomplished nothing and saved no one. More guns aren't the answer.", "Shut this down. Nothing productive will come from people venting although I'm sure there are fine people on many sides. Many sides.", "Apparently both Trump and Pence ,in agreement with many of their congressional colleagues, feel that prayers are the appropriate response to these regular events....they will certainly never politicize such tragedies by calling for real gun control...they are pius gentlemen", "Thank goodness 45 is keeping us safe from all those terrible immigrants. Thank goodness the NRA-GOP is getting more and more guns of all types into as many  hands as possible so we can get the \"bad guys\" before they get us. ", "I fear Americans have become largely immune to these horrors of domestic mass shootings. We dwell on the photos and all those great cell phones videos and send meaningless thoughts and prayers. We post on facebook and change our avatars to show our concern and solidarity. But where is the true outrage? Is suffices to make trite posts and online comments? We are prisoners of the NRA lobby machine. Apparently Americans are not truly outraged by these acts of domestic terrorism. Let's go leave a bunch of flowers at the site.", "After all is said and done,  more will be said than done....   R.I.P.   brothers and sisters.    ", "Sad prediction: There will be outrage again, while demands from pretty much all reasonable people for more gun control will pour in, at least for a couple of months. Said demands will be duly ignored, while the NRA will of course say that guns don't kill people, people do. With any luck, the tweeter-in-chief will tweet some stupid remarks about protecting the second amendment.\n\nBonus prediction, also sad: At some point, Alex Jones will step in and pretend this shooting never happened.", "I'd like to see GOP congressional members be forced to sit one-on-one for 15 minutes with the families of every mass shooting in the last ten or so years. They must silently sit and hear the anguish and sometimes ruin that their loved one's violent death has wrought.  ", "Sheriff Joe Lombardo, when asked by a reporter if it was an \u201cact of terrorism,\u201d said:\n\n\"no, not at this point. We believe it was a local individual. He resides here locally. I\u2019m not at liberty to give you his place of residence yet, because it\u2019s an ongoing investigation, we don\u2019t know what his belief system was at this time.\"\n\nHey, Sheriff Clueless, this was White Christian Male Good Old Boy terrorism !\n\nIt appears our police authorities have a fatal white terrorist blind spot.", "Tragic, senseless loss of so many lives. If while we grieve, our thoughts should turn to gun control, we should all realize that if the 20 dead 6 and 7 year old children at Sandy Hook Elementary school didn't spur our \"leaders\" to act, Las Vegas won't either.", "One gunman 406 people in the hospital and more than 50 dead?  Something is wrong with the gun control, and it isn't that more people needed weapons. Sanctioning slaughter like this in the name of supposed 2nd amendment rights is an abomination.", "And cue the NRA-funded conservative saying \u201cIt would be disrespectful to the victims if we discussed gun control now and politicized this tragedy.\u201d", "Thank you NRA. As the marketing department of the gun industry you certainly are partly responsible for the continuous slaughtering of innocent victims.", "I'm guessing you will not see any callous and ignorant tweets from other world leaders (or their adult children) attacking the mayor Las Vegas at any point during this crisis.\n\nJust saying.", "If only everyone in the crowd had been armed with a personal missile launcher they could have easily taken out the shooter on the 32nd floor.  ", "First, condolences to the families of the victims. These murders are clearly on the heads of the GOP. It doesn't look like a Muslin terrorist did this. Can you imagine what would have happened if gun owners in the crowd started shooting at the Mandalay Bay windows and guest were killed? That's what the NRA and Trump would have wanted. Why did Las Vegas not have enough emergnecy services to handle this? It is a city with many huge events happening all the time. They could not think that this would ever happen? Shame on the leaders of that city.", "Another attack.  Another window to watch as NRA-funded politicians retract their heads into their shells and mumble cheap condolences while NOTHING useful gets done to prevent it from happening again.  \n\nThis -- along with Sandy Hook, Orlando, Columbine, Aurora, and a long list of other mass gun tragedies in this country -- cannot be what the framers of the Constitution had in mind when they wrote the Second Amendment. ", "To all those who oppose gun violence, please run for Congress.  Please!", "Sell automatic weapons, allow open carry, armor piercing bullets, limit background checks, 30,000 deaths a year and spin the roulette wheel.\n\nThe latest loser is Las Vegas.Nevada...Loss Vegas.\n\nThere is a solution, of course.   But at the risk of not offending the bereaved by politicizing a murder firmly rooted in a murderous NRA lobbyists call not to politicize America's murderously insane gun policies I'll say no more.", "When is enough enough? Sandy Hook? The Pulse? When will this madness end? When will Congress ACT and DO SOMETHING? Don't tell me not to politicize this horror. The right to bear arms does not include automatic weapons whose sole purpose is to kill. And when will white men discover other ways of expressing their frustration with the system they feel has let them down other than violent mowing down innocent people by shooting them? 'The answer, my friends, is blowing in the wind....'", "It is a gun.\nWe all peace loving people on the birthday of mahatma Gandhi, shmust protest for our right to live without fear of GOP family of guns.\nWe can't rest until they kills us of give up.and we won't use guns to make our voice heard.", "How many Deaths are Too Many?   Is there a limit to this carnage?  Or, is this the price for living in the USA?  It's like a National Lottery, Of DEATH.\n  Thanks, NRA. The worlds largest sponsor of Terrorism.  The BEST Terrorism, the home grown variety.  Congratulations.", "In this mass shootings, the sound of gunfire alerted people to take cover.  Yet Congress currently is considering H.R. 367, a bill which makes it EASIER for people to obtain silencers, a bill the NRA & Congressional proponents are attempting to sneak past voters by referring to it as \"The Hearing Protection Act\".   How many more deaths will it take for voters to become cognizant enough of the gun lobby's outrageous behavior, and throw the bums out?  (Maybe it would help if the media reported more on bills like HR 367, getting an informed citizenry to contact Congress instead of just helplessly watching the carnage...)", "Wouldn't it be more efficient for lawmakers to express their \"thoughts and prayers\" for all future shooting victims?  That way they wouldn't get bored with the repetition.", "When the Second Amendment was written the state of the art in weapons was the musket.  If we cannot modify or re-interpret our foundational documents in response to fundamental changes in technological and social circumstances then our nation is doomed.", "The worst is yet to come. For imagine if the murderer's assault weapon was affixed with a silencer. That new gift to the NRA by Republicans is certain to pass. Indeed,  #45 will sign it into law (to get a 'win\") with a smile on his face in a photo op in the Rose Garden. \n\nAnd don't say it can't happen. If the Sandy Hook massacre couldn't stop the \"guns everywhere\" Republicans and  NRA, this tragedy won't either. ", "From the sound of the weapon, it appears to be fully automatic.  Fully automatic weapons are civilian legal under federal law, but some states do not permit ownership.  My state of Virginia and Nevada are two states that permit civilian ownership.\n\nIf the gunman did use a fully automatic firearm, then he must have owned it legally, stolen it, illegally converted a semiautomatic firearm into one that is fully automatic. There are bump firing and hellfire trigger that will allow certain semiautomatic weapons to fire like full automatic. I do not believe these practices are always illegal.\n\nAs of February 2015, there were 543,073 registered fully automatic firearms in the US. To  own one of those firearms, one is fingerprinted and photographed. The application, along with two sets of photographs and fingerprints,  is taken to the local chief law enforcement officer who must sign off on the application. After that, the entire packet is mailed to the BATFE with $200 per weapon sought. In 2010, my application was approved after exactly six months, but now I am told, the process may take up to one year.\n\nSince 1934, after passage of the National Firearms Act, the law governing fully automatic firearms, there have been at least two  homicides in which legal full automatic firearms were used.", "Now imagine if recent Republican proposals to allow widespread public access to suppressors had been in effect. Imagine if this man had been able to fire off thousands of rounds over 10 or 15 minutes, with the crowd not being able to hear the warning sound of the gunfire over the music. Concert goers would have been dropping, pockets of the crowd would be in a panic, other areas of the crowd would be oblivious, and nobody would know where to run to or from, or even whether the shooter was in their midst.  This is a perfect example of why silencers/suppressors should be illegal for private ownership.  Their only applications are military special ops and assassination.", "There's a few gun ranges near this spot where you can \"fire an automatic weapon.\" They are advertised to tourists on the Strip. Because automatic weapons in America are apparently a god-given right.", "These are Human Assault Weapons.  There is no other proper label for them.  Let's start using it, and maybe public opinion about regulating them will change.", "Now it's time for the slimy do-nothing politicians to come out with their hackneyed \"Our thoughts and prayers are with [fill in the blank].\" I hope they all make sure they wear their American flag lapel pins today, because that always makes everyone feel better after these tragedies.\n\nI mean, really? Are hollow and feckless \"thoughts and prayers\" the best we can do as a nation?", "The Republican Party seems to want us to have unrestricted access to firearms, restricted access to health care, and lower taxes for the rich...... Is there nothing wrong with this picture?", "Remember the argument from the NRA that is takes a good guy with a gun to stop a bad guy with a gun? \n\nTurns out there's a major flaw in that argument.\n\nWhy should any US citizen be able to buy an automatic weapon, not a hand gun, a weapon?\n\nNow that this mass shooting, with at least 50 dead and 400 injured, is the worst mass shooting in the history of our country, there will be another one that will replace it.\n\nThere is something wrong with us.", "Stocks in major gun manufacturers are up by 4-5% this morning. That in itself is an incredible statement about American culture. Gun makers are always dead silent at times like these...never a word, and it's not hard to understand why, since clearly they stand to make millions whenever someone makes headlines using their product. And they know they can't be held responsible in any way.", "I don't see how we can sustain this onslaught much longer. We're being assaulted from without and rotting from within. What a waste our freedoms have been. What a crying shame.\n\nI\u00e2\u20ac\u2122m sick of the misuse of digital (among other media) technology to warp our perceptions and sick of the misuse of mechanical technology to physically harm us. No civilian should have access to this sort of weaponry.\n\nDon Quixote said guns put a common knave on the same level as a knight, but without the gallantry, allegiance, intelligence, and expertise of a knight. Cervantes published Don Quixote in 1615.", "Yet another horrific mass shooting in the Wild West States of America, this one the worst in the history of our country. One would think that this now would change the minds of those in Congress who refuse to pass legislation tightening gun control regulations. But, if the mass murders of 26 children and teachers in an elementary school and the mass murders of nine people attending a prayer service in their church, and too many others didn't change gun laws, I doubt this one will either. This country is in crisis. Why won't legislators acknowledge this, cut ties with the NRA and do something about it? I am angry and frustrated, and sad beyond belief for the innocent victims of this latest act of American terrorism. ", "waiting to see how NRA will react. Good guy w/ a gun would not have helped in this instance. Shots from a small window in a huge hotel. Never would work. Oh, and let's just send prayers and thoughts. Cuz that will help. And let's not talk about gun control since now is not the time to talk about that. I guess 50+ dead and 400+ wounded really isn't that bad. No need to talk about gun control. ", "I'm going to make a prediction: our elected representatives will offer their thoughts and prayers, the gun lobby and many gun owners will say this is not the right time to talk about gun control, and the story will slowly fade off the front pages.", "We have very few details about the person who committed this travesty.  Let us find out what the motivation was of this person to purposely take so many lives before we make judgement.  And whatever that motivation was to learn from it and try and prevent another massacre from happening.", "Are your thoughts and prayers with the victims?    C'mon congress, do something.  Tomorrow it will be worse, and again and again.", "Let's all offer our thoughts and prayers. And then do nothing. Thank you NRA for one more horrific day in Trumplandistan.", "Like many Americans, I woke to the news this morning to hear about this completely senseless act of domestic terrorism - and yes, shooting people at a concert from the 32nd floor of a hotel is an act of domestic terrorism.  And I knew that since the shooter was a white male, once again, this would be chalked up to severe mental illness.  And nothing would be done to prevent access to assault weapons.  Nothing.  Completely senseless.", "What i see is that the major gun incidents happen on States that support lose and irresponsible gun laws. Allowing anyone to buy anything they want. Now days you can build your on small militia. Time to review gun laws, time to take a responsible stand on gun ownership (I am currently a holder of a LTC).", "News: Nation that celebrates guns shocked by gun violence.\n\nThere's one common thread among every single one of these shooters: possession of an assault rifle. Possession of an assault rifle is a primary indicator of a person's desire and ability to fire an assault rifle. Yet our law enforcement and citizens scratch their heads and ask \"Who could have seen this coming?\"", "My condolences to the families! Despite the tremendous loss, we must compliment LVPD for the remarkable job in identifying and neutralizing the shooter despite the difficult circumstances.", "The congressman who claims to represent the interests of the gerrymandered district where I reside, Ted Budd, is a gun-store owner. My interests will never see the light of day.", "Yesterday morning we were out golfing on a sunny Fall day. It should have been a quiet morning but it wasn't. Somewhere nearby was a shooting club and round after round of shotgun blasts tore the silence all morning.\n\nTo relax or worship on a Sunday morning in America some go to church, some go apple picking, some play golf.  But shotguns break the quiet for everyone.\n\nDon't quite understand the attraction of shattering the silence with a gun.", "The usual gadflies should take a moment and not pitch a fit advocating gun control for a few days.  Let the impact and scale of this sink in for the rest of the population.  The traditional gun control opponents' silence and hallow remarks will be intolerable.", "Why is this horrific event not being called terrorism?", "GOP/NRA will continue to disallow studies of gun injuries/deaths as a national epidemic at CDC, and physicians will be challenged again when they attempt to include access to firearms as part of a preventive care evaluation. Can ask about exposure to pathogens, about exercise and food, addictions, sex, family history of disease or insanity, scatter rugs as a risk for falls in homes of elderly, but some GOP/NRA will complain if docs inquire about risk of being shot.", "A nutcase with a personal grudge. A hotel with lax security. A black market for arms that no law can curb. Innocents at the wrong place, wrong time. \n\nOh well, this is America. Nuthin you can do about it other than shrug.\n\nThe good news is that neither Trump nor the NRA can be blamed. The bad news is neither can Obama. The run-of-the-mill news is Mandalay *can* be blamed, they\u2019ll likely get sued out of business. \n\nBy Wednesday, mostly all forgotten. Sincere condolences to the victims and their loved ones.\n\nShrug.", "Speechless.  This is a self-inflict wound.  If we continue to have unlimited rights for the mentally insane, the trend will get far worse. ", "I am sure a majority of the SCOTUS, the late Mr. Scalia's replacement Mr. Gorsuch in particular, will find a deranged lone gunner constituted a well armed militia.\nAt least well armed.", "You know what would have prevented this unspeakable tragedy? Silencers, that's what.\n\nYou know what else would have prevented this unspeakable tragedy? Responsible members of Congress. Maybe it's Congress which out to be silenced.\n\nMy son was a student at Virginia Tech the day his room-mate was murdered, by another psychopath with a high capacity weapon. That was 10 years ago, people.\n\nApparently WE are the ones who have been silenced.", "Hey, every week there are 270 people killed by firearms in the USA, so this tragedy in Las Vegas is really just more of the same. The NRA is a shameful organization, pushing a culture of guns onto America. Assault rifles, concealed weapons, silencers; do these things really make America great?", "Two thoughts in the aftermath of this horror:\n1. Universal health care (including mental health care)\n2. Gun control laws.", "If even one of those concertgoers had a tank or bazooka, they would have been able to attach the 32nd floor to stop the domestic terrorist and limit the carnage!\n\nTime to allow Americans to own tanks and bazookas!! It's the only way we will be safe from crazy people!!", "This is way too easy...\n\nAR-15 (on sale!)\nhttps://www.brownells.com/firearms/rifles/semi-auto/m-p-15t-m-lok-5-56-1...\n\nNearly full auto trigger:\nhttps://tacconusa.com\n\nIf I can come up with this in 5 mins imagine what a motivated person could accomplish!  \n\nWe are lost in the woods as a Society.", "I'll leave aside my disgust that the perpetrator got ahold of an automatic rifle and go right to Trump.   'Warmest condolences ' is not a phrase to be used when 50 people are killed. Perhaps 'Deepest condolences'. Money can't buy class.", "Well, one small and effective thing we can do is to financially support the Democratic politicians who have had the guts to take on the NRA--Senator Chris Murphy of CT, for one, who has dedicated himself to preventing another Sandy Hook.", "Talk - Talk - Talk - Bang - Bang - Bang - Talk - Talk - Talk - Bang - Bang - Bang - Talk - Talk - Talk - Bang - Bang - Bang ................ The circle of life in the U.S. of A.", "Don't expect anything to change. Less than a week ago the people of ALA voted for their representative to the Senate. At a rally, while dressed in a cowboy outfit, he received thunderous applause when he pulled out his gun and vowed to protect the 2nd amendment. I don't understand, have never understood and, most likely, never will understand this obsession with guns. ", "Worst mass shooting in U.S. history. Over 50 dead and 400 injured. Shooter with 10 rifles spraying bullets from 32nd floor of a building. Shooter killed himself.\n\nThe networks will have non-stop coverage for hours, maybe days. But what is there to say beyond the identity of the shooter and possible motive, and the final numbers of dead and injured? Will anything change as a result of this horror? Probably not. Did anything change after the Pulse shooting last year? \n\nAnd so the number one reason there is so much gun violence in America - the vast number of guns available and the ease with which people can get them - will go unaddressed. As it always is.", "My condolences to all the victims' friends and families.  Even expressing that sentiment seems futile.  Perhaps there is no point to any comment as long as our legislative bodies are bought and paid for by America's number one terrorist advocacy group -- the National Rifle Association.  They cannot be stopped.  They own America.", "This is not a 'tragedy', this is the system working the way it's supposed to work, i.e. the implication of The Precious Right To Own Guns [sic].  If the USA were concerned with public safety which it isn't, it would ban guns.  It isn't the 1700's anymore, the 2nd Amendment has served its purpose but is  now obsolete in an age of weapons of mass destruction and an oversupply of evil and/or crazy people.", "With the NRA owning our government, nothing will come out of it except more lax gun laws.  When real America owns it's government, then you will see change.  That happening is NOT on the horizon.", "Make America Gasp Again.", "Even in a short tweet Trump shows his inability for authentic empathy.  \"Wamest condolences\"?  \"God bless you!\"....with an exclamation mark?  What is wrong with this man?", "Just cancelled my Vegas vacation. Anybody suggest a safe place to go in the US? I honestly can't think of one.", "Country run by Gun lobby. A real freedom. Freedom to kill.\nThis is a great country or what", "400 injured according to the Guardian, not 200.", "The price of Smith and Wesson stock is up sharply this morning.  No kidding.", "Will Alex Jones be consistent and claim this is a hoax too?", "Another \"biggest\" for Pres. Trump to brag about.  How wonderful.  He's had the biggest disaster a couple of times, and is getting bored with them.", "If the gunman was an immigrant, the official response would immediately have been ban all immigrants.\nWhite guy with an assault weapon?  No talk of banning anything.", "I really hope our president's response will not depend on the race, ethnicity, nationality, religion, immigration status, or political views of the shooter or the victims. ", "Here we go again, but we don't have a problem with guns because guns don't kill people........  right, Republicans?  We may as well accept that this is the new norm.  If Sandy Hook wasn't enough to shock the senses of the NRA and gun rights fanatics, what will?  Their solution:  a.) don't talk about it because after all it's too soon after the shooting, and b.) arm more citizens, who clearly would never stand a chance against someone with a rapid fire weapon and caught by surprise.  That's the way it always goes down.", "I believe the statistic is that 80-90 people in the US die from gun-related violence every day. Most are suicides, the rest as in this tragedy are homicides.\n\nI am numb because this is so commonplace, so accepted with a shrug and and a turn up the volume of Fox News, Limbaugh, and all the others.\n\nThis is a tragedy, and a horror. Yet I cannot feel anything. Because it is so American.", "When a mass shooter is a native American-born white male, authorities seem to have a real struggle with the question of whether or not to define the incident as terrorism.  It's also interesting to note how much more measured the President is in his response when the attacker is not of the Muslim faith. Why the double standard?  If this isn't an act of terrorism, I don't know what is. The Trump administration's myopic focus on travel bans as their chief strategy for stopping domestic terror conveniently ignores the fact that some of the worst mass casualty acts in the U.S. have been committed by people born and raised on these shores.", "Since the shooter was an old white guy, how long will it take for the authorities and the White House to call it what it was: an act of terrorism?\n\nOr does that only happen when the shooter is brown or an immigrant or somehow an \"other\" they can then quickly politicize into an anti-immigration/Build the Wall issue?", "Sadness for all the people whose lives will be absolutely shattered, the victims, their families and friends. And sadness for a country who still does not understand the meaning of insanity", "This is terrorism, call it that. Don\u2019t whitewash headlines.", "Gunman on 32nd floor? I was reading the news alert on The Guardian site, where they put up a 1:46 min video clip. You can clearly see a gunman shooting on the same level that all the people where down there. Look it up. ", "I'm just shocked that all those gun toting, (\"hidden carry\") concert goers couldn't defend themselves from this second amendment shooter! Do they need more time at the range?\n\nI'm sure that's what the NRA will say.\n\nThe guy was thirty floors up and, let's all face it, Seal Team Six, would be just as vulnerable.\n\nNow that this guy is \"neutralized\" by law enforcement, we have to, at the very least strike him from his lifetime NRA membership.   ", "Ive been here almost four years and not one mass shooting. Not one...not the close to 1000 people killed bycops, not the opiate epidemic of the USA...and yet....yet everyday, Russia is made to look like a third world loony bin, at the same time a strong enough enemy who can change elections in the USA, but not in Ukraine...I was sick of the mass shootings long long ago...of the neverending war and opiate addiction epidemic.....do not pray for the victims, itdoesnt work. Pray for your country. Something very very wrong with it.", "At this point, it's clear the U.S. is a violent \"third world\" country and that there will be no gun control.  We owe it to our police and other law enforcement professionals to send them for professional soldier training by the  U.S. Army.  Anything less is failing to protect them as they face warlike battles on the streets.  To say we \"need gun control\" is a waste of breath without real change.  I have little hope, since if the people of this country did nothing after Sandy Hook, they probably never will.  Next time it could be your loved one.", "Those that fail to learn from history are doomed to repeat it...", "RE all the comments calling for additional gun control laws: \n\nAutomatic weapons of the kind apparently used in this attack are *already* illegal for non-law enforcement to own unless owners secure a special license and stamp. \n\nMurder is also *already* illegal. \n\nWould someone please explain how passing additional laws on something that is *already* illegal would have prevented this problem? ", "They say the shooter had a bunch of guns, like long rifles, in his room.  Big decision, which to use at the very end.\n\nI think I'll start staying only in hotels that post \"no gun\" signs.  ", "So where was the good guy with the gun to kill this bad guy with a gun? Oh, right, the good guy with the gun could not get to him because the bad guy was using basically a machine gun from far away to mow people down.\n\nNow can we please ban such weapons in the U.S.?", "The first thing a neighbor said this morning was, \"Thank God the shoot was white.\" Because imagine the tweets and moral outrage if he had been any other ethnicity or color -- African American, Middle Eastern, Hispanic. My fellow Americans: domestic terrorism of this kind comes overwhelmingly in one color: white, disgruntled, mentally ill and with full access to weapons of mass destruction. The rest of us must hold Congress accountable for its inaction and indifference. Call now -- operators are standing by.", "Learn some English Mr President. Condolences are not warm. They are heartfelt or deepest. Welcome is warmer.", "Whew, it was a white guy.", "Shame on you people who politicize this tragedy. Shame on you.\n\nI am so sad and sorry for all of the people affected by this horrific event. My thoughts are with the affected today.", "\"My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting. God bless you!\" President Donald J. Trump.\n\nWarmest condolences and sympathies? God bless you! What is wrong with this Administration that they cannot block this man's inane droolings? I'm surprised he didn't end with, God bless the NRA.  ", "Head on over to Foxnews.com and read their comments just to see how amazingly divided we are as a nation.", "So here we are, with possibly the worst mass shooting in our country's history.\n\nThe NRA and its acolytes will say nothing more than \"Now is not the time to talk about gun control.  It would be politicizing a tragedy.  Be silent out of respect for the victims.\"\n\nUnless, of course, the gunman turns out to be Muslim, or yelled \"Allahu Akbar\" while he was mowing his victims down.  Only then would there be the outrage that is so obviously called for.", "It appears  the rifles that the perpetrator used were illegal to possess.  So much for gun control. ", "Very sad to find us here once again. Today, I'll be writing my members of Congress. There is no reason why a civilian needs an automatic weapon. Despite what gun manufacturer marketing says - there's no \"fun\" in these weapons. \n\nThoughts & prayers are with all those affected.", "What is the public opinion on automatic rifles designed to neutralize people in the United States? A majority approves their free sale to anybody? If the majority of the US electorate is against the contemporary practice and prefer to ban the sale of military rifles to civilians, then why on Earth do you remain silent? Why don't you have an association representing you which would promise hard times for legislators until the total ban for the sale of military rifles will be enacted? Why do you tolerate all this? What keeps you at bay?", "There is one key fact in the gun rights debate: Shooting a semiautomatic rifle is a hobby. Law enforcement professionals consistently tell us that semiautomatic rifles are not the best choice for home defense. They are not needed in most hunting situations, and, even in cases where they are, hunting is a hobby. I am a hunter, by the way. Semiautomatic weapons also are useless in protecting people from a government they fear -- and such irrational fear is not sufficient to justify policy, anyway. safety is paramount in all other hobby situations; it must become the paramount concern in this hobby, as well. I would happily face incredibly strict annual background checks and mental health checks, and I would happily store my rifle in an armory from which I would check it out on hunting or target practice days. Such regulations will not put our freedom at risk in any way; they will only make a hobby more complicated and eat into the profits of gun and ammunition manufacturers. safety must take precedence.", "It is heartbreaking to have another avoidable mass shooting occur.  Sensible gun laws would reduce the body count while still allowing sportsmen to have guns.\nHowever, we don't have sensible guns laws because our gun laws are bought and paid for by the NRA donations in our elections.  When will we, as a nation, realize this and stop so much money from influencing our elections and democracy?!", "If you are demanding Congress address today's incident and the inevitable future ones, then hopefully you are donating to the organizations that will help drive that legislation.  If you are upset and have been since Newtown or Virginia Tech or Orlando, then hopefully you are creating a recurring donation.  If you are writing anything right now, then hopefully you are taking an action this moment that will actually do something.  Talking to likeminded people has limited impact. ", "Whatever else there is to say, these mass killings can only happen when shooters have military assault rifles in their hands. Notwithstanding, we will not taken on this scourge. The top eschalon at NRA headquarters must be very busy today. Get ready for the 2nd assault, this one on our sensibilities. ", "Condolences to those whose lives have been shattered by another senseless and random act of violence.", "The horror of war in the streets of America is indicative of a nation gone mad. Absent real gun control, expect to revisit these miserable and societal destructive events over and over again. The definition of insanity is doing the same things repeatedly and expecting different results. For the love of God, please wake up your elected representatives or consider moving to Canada.", "I just read a comment begging posters not to politicize this tragedy.\n\nI don't know how anybody can effectively express sorrow and outrage for this horrific slaughter of innocents without mentioning our insane gun laws and fixation on allowing anybody at all to stockpile an arsenal of deadly weapons in the name of the 2nd amendment.\n\nI'll shut up about gun laws when the GOP crazies get real about guns.", "It is horrifying to me that the first thing I think of in this all too common occurrences, is please let the shooter not be anyone of color, someone who practices Islam, or someone in this country illegally. It just adds fuel to the already out of control fire. Now would be the time for Representative Scalise to take the lead and urge his fellow Republicans to do something real.", "There exists no rationale in modern societies for guns so people can arm themselves. Gun advocacy groups must take a hard long look at themselves before continuing to defend a losing cause over and over again.\n\nIt\u2019s horrific to see so many innocent lives lost from an entirely preventable reckless act of one individual. This is certainly not the last of such tragic events if the powers-to-be don\u2019t act now.", "Someone should do a story on the gun laws in Hawaii and how well theor system is working. \n\nhttp://www.hawaiipolice.com/services/firearm-registration", "I have no words to express my shock and horror of this nasty incident. Why should people have to be killed in the fist place and also in peace time? The scenes that are emerging looks much like those from Raqqa, Aleppo, Kabul, Karachi etc. or any other battle field...the constant sounds of fired bullets, as captured by amateur video,  remind that you need not to be in Kabul to watch a battle zone live..its bloody here!!\nIf the nation can tale proactive action against Islamic terror, why can\u00b4t the US take pro active action against the gun related terror!!\nHOW MANY AMERICANS MUST DIE PREMATURALY IN THE HANDS OF GUN HOLDING SATANS BEFORE THE GUNS CAN BE BANNED FOR CIVILIAN USE, FOR GOD SAKE!", "So how is the biggest terrorist organisation in this country going to spin this tragedy this time?\n\n\"This wouldn't have happened if the victims would've had silencers.\"", "How could the Hotel staff not notice a man bearing a cache of arms?", "Another day in the USA.\nThis is the country that saw a classroom of FIRST GRADERS mowed down and the parents of those children were harassed, threatened and tormented by gun \"enthusiasts\" who claimed their children never existed and the whole Sandy Hook tragedy was a show by the federal government to grab their guns.\nGun lovers care only about their guns.  They don't care how many people get mowed down, even their own toddlers are just collateral damage.", "Who needs terrorist to kill our citizens. We are quit capable of  doing it without their help.", "Unfortunately gun sales usually go up after tragedies like this. People who value guns in their life live under the absurd notion that they will be confiscated from them.  When Trump was elected gun sales went down. When Obama got elected gun sales went through the roof. The NRA now wants to legalize gun silencers- the reason?  The noise hurts the ears of hunters.\nso potentially the next mass killing could be even more lethal.  I lost all hope on this issue after Sandy Hook.  This is the country we live in.  God help us and protect us from what some like to call our \"freedoms\"\nIt used to be a beautiful word-\nI always thought it meant freedom from...\nNow it is freedom to...\nThere is a big difference.\nAnd in this case it is the freedom to own automatic weapons and kill on a massive scale. Heartbreaking ", "This is horrible, sickening, and incredibly sad. All the more so knowing there is no stopping this kind of carnage under your laws. What well armed militia was this shooter a part of? Was he defending himself against a government out to get him? How is this justified?\n\nThere will be calls for the banning of automatic assault weapons. Sales of these weapons will spike as they always do after these mass shootings. But those people who own these kinds of weapons that exist only to kill other people will defend their right to own them until they are pried from their cold dead hands as though they were American patriots defending freedom. \n\nThe right to bear such deadly arms that can be used by anyone with a chip on their shoulders to kill as many people as they want has to be measured against people's  right to go to a music concert without risking their lives. If you don't believe that, then there's no hope. ", "Oh, God, when will you Americans learn that these tons of weapons in private hands only bring bad luck? As long as you hold on to the fact that even the last idiot at home may have a shotgun, these scenes will be repeated over and over again! I\u00b4m deeply sorry for the victims. But from my european sight it\u00b4s your own fault!", "\"warm\" condolences? What an idiot. How much longer.", "Why does this happen all too often in America?  How did this man obtain his lethal weaponry?  Where do we go from here?  When will we ever change?\nWhat must be done to effect change?  Lots of questions and few, if any, answers.", "As a US Army veteran, I've been to many guns shows in the USA and it is sickening the amount of weaponry and ammunition that are available to anyone without a background check.  Most vendors at gun shows are Federal Firearms Licensed dealers and do background checks but there are many sales that take place as \"private\".  Hence, this is the loophole not only for convicted criminals and mentally sick to get weapons but also a source for any foreign terrorist.\n\nIf you need a high powered 50 caliber military sniper rifle with special optics, no problem go to a gun show.  Need parts and enhancements to your AR-15 or AK-47 assault weapon or any of their legal dodging variations? No problem, go to a gun show.  Need 5,000 rounds of ammunition, multiple 30 round mags, and tactical gear to go along with it?  Plenty of those at a gun show.\n\nAs a holder of a concealed firearm permit, I practice at a local outdoor gun range once a month.  On many occasions, I am shocked when people pull up to the firing lanes with carts and wagons loaded to the hilt with assault weapons and ammunition.  On my last trip, the Range Officer, who was also military veteran like myself, said he has never seen so many people own so many military style weapons.  He simply called it paranoia.", "The National Weapons Association salutes the patriotic sacrifices of the fallen in defense of our liberties with the Second Amendment, and reminds everyone that ammo is a favorite Hallowe'en handout.", "Terrible. Inexcusable.\n\nBut 'restrict guns'??\n\nNRA and their lackeys won't let THAT happen.", "Sorry, Puerto Rico.  We've moved on.", "America, this is terrorism. Recall that white men kill people -- especially those known to them -- at a far higher rate than people of any other race or ethnic origin.\n\nWhite, check. Male, check.\n\nAge 64 . . . 64 ?!?\n\nWhatever his alleged motives, two things are clear:\n(1) He should never have had access to weapons, because\n(2) Mental health is often a fragile and elusive thing.", "Too many guns. Too easy to get. ", "Gun control measures by Congress?   Not a chance in hell...", "Imagine a world where after a plane crash, we did nothing to investigate, claim \"it's too early to talk about airline safety\", did nothing to address the cause, and blithely went on our merry way...air travel would be a terrifying nightmare. But, of course we don't, because to do otherwise would be irrational and clearly not in anyone's best interest. The public would find that unacceptable and demand action to make flying safer.   And as a result, air crashes are now rare. \n\nBut somehow, we manage to suspend all rational follow through when it comes to guns. ", "Those who were murdered and wounded would not want their deaths politicized. However, I believe if Congress does what it should, it will immortalize these victim with the passage of stricter access to automatic weapons. No mass murder in our nation's history speaks to the necessity for controls more so than what happened yesterday in Las Vegas.\nAnd there are plenty more out there just like the killer who are waiting on whatever triggers their rage to act it out in a manner that creates massive loss of life.", "Good thing we have a travel ban in place.", "If I hear one more politician say \"My thoughts and prayers are with the victims,\" I'm going to take a gun out and shoot my radio. Politicians' job is to legislate, not to pray. Do your job: gun control! Gun control! Gun control! Start with assault rifles. A weapon intended to mow down scores of people has no reason to be sold to civilians, if it has any reason to be sold at all. ", "Sandy Hook didn't change anything, so don't expect anything beyond \"thoughts and prayers\" this time.", "Once again, I guess this is not the right time to be talking about gun control. In this country it never is.", "This is a real disgrace on the nation as those celebrating the harvest are just about the finest and best Americans there are. We depend on people like this for sustenance. I am really heartbroken.\n\nAmerica must appear utterly insane to the world.", "Another wonderful tweet from our esteemed President. \"Warmest condolences\"?   Blah blah blah.", "After no gun control measures were enacted following the Sandy Hook massacre, I realized things were going to have to get a lot worse before we do anything to protect public health and safety in the face of 2nd Amendment adherents. \n\nSadly, even with this latest horror, we are nowhere near \"a lot worse.\"", "Another \"win\" for the National Rifle Association.  ", "Any comment from the NRA and Republican legislators on ways of cutting down on these criminal acts? Like taking weapons of war of the streets...", "Our forefathers may have thought it was a good idea to allow everyone to own a single shot musket with 20 yard accuracy that was reloadable once a minute. It is absurd to assume the same for machine guns.", "Since Obama took office in 2009 the NRA and its subsidiary the Republican Party have made the 2nd Amendment and unlimited gun ownership and use its main goal.  They have accomplished their goal and the last 8 years have seen more shootings and mass killings.  Mass murders of young children in their classrooms, a shooting of Congress members at a ball field, daily multiple murders in Chicago and other large American cities have no effect on the conversation.  This shooting in Las Vegas will not change anything either.  Republicans in Congress continue to remove any barriers to gun ownership--even mental illness.  I suspect that this shooter in Vegas may well fall into that category.  Currently the GOP is in the business of making silencers legal again so potential victims won't even have the luxury of hearing those pops from the shooter's gun as a warning to take cover.  We'll be shocked, saddened and prayerful over the lives lost here and then we will move on until the next mass shooting comes our way.  Somehow the thoughts and prayers just don't seem to be working.  Perhaps some sensible gun safety laws would--but the NRA and the Republican Party will never allow us to find out.", "blah blah blah....thoughts and prayers....blah blah.....condolences.....who cares. You? Then do something about it. Today. \n\n #guncontrolnow", "It's impossible not to think about the fact that the NRA and its influence over gun laws, particularly in this situation. One of the people commenting mentioned something along the lines of not making this political. I find it interesting, when people continue to insist on carrying guns, and having no restrictions, continue to justify this stupidity. Until we start acting like the rest of the modern world, with tough gun restrictions, this will continue. ", "No US citizen needs the weapon that did this. Nope, nope, nope.", "Thank God it wasn't terrorism, and was just a white man hunting.", "Over 50 dead and 400 injured by current count.  We are all being held hostage and terrorized by the NRA and those in government who are handsomely paid by the NRA to look the other way. Constitutionally sound gun regulation is possible and such measures would help make us safer. \n\nNo other advanced country in the world has the problem we do with frequent mass shootings.   The NRA-propagated myth that a country armed to the teeth is a \"more civil\" country and a safer country is literally killing us.  I am outraged. But, sadly as another comment said, if all the dead children at Sandy Hook made no difference to the hollow men in Congress, this won't either.", "There is no possible justification for a private citizen to be permitted to wield such firepower. None whatsoever. A personal weapon? Sure. The ability to shoot 500 people? No way. What's next, a 2nd amendment justification for owning a private F-16? ", "Gun control, gun control, gun control. Unfortunately never gonna happen.", "Time to come together as a nation during this ugly time of crisis. More than 50 dead and hundreds injured. As an individual and as a nation we pray and mourn this awful day. \n\nLets give the political rhetoric and finger pointing a day off. ", "Nothing changed after the slaughter of innocent children, and nothing will change now, UNLESS we start voting accordingly.\n\nIt's not rocket science.", "What a horrific tragedy. My heart goes out to all those who lost loved ones in this unspeakable act of violence. \n\nIt's obviously too early to tell why this happened or even have all the details of how it happened. But we all must, in this age of instant news refrain from instant judgment.\n\nUltimately this must lead to a serious discussion about gun laws. But for now the people of Nevada need our empathy and compassion.", "More guns will solve this problem.\n\nBrought to you by Trump voters of America.", "I don't suppose the NRA-owned (Republican) Congress will get off their behinds and pass a law oulawing the casual and easy purchase of weapons designed for war, not killing fields in American streets and fairs. I mean, really? Hey, Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell, how about something that will actually help citizens instead of harming us? Hello?", "Why, why, why on earth is a fully automatic machine gun not illegal?  What can possibly be the excuse or explanation for this weapon to be available to anybody but the military?  If most of them are registered and the owners known, they should immediately be confiscated.  Their only possible usefulness is to kill as many as possible in as short a time as possible.  Why would any sane person not be repulsed by them, is beyond me!", "I am speechless and can only think of how families of victims will be irrevocably shattered.  (Ask Rep. Scalise what the long terms effects of those evil, internally exploding assault bullets is really like.)\nI hope those that are critically inured can\nget good health care to tend their wounds.\nAnd I hope the NRA is proud of itself for stuffing the campaign coffers of Rs with so much dirty, filthy, blood stained lucre  that the express words of the 2nd amendment:\n\"a WELL REGULATED militia\" (emphasis added)\nhas come to mean that a civilian (almost any civilian) can purchase a military grade assault weapon, the only purpose of which is to murder and maim as many humans as possible in as little time as possible.\nAs a nation, we are drunk on guns and rage and hate. We have fallen off the cliff.\nHow apropos that the rage-filled mad tweeter in chief is our \"leader.\"", "Two problems come up when I look at this. Short term and long term. The short term problem is copy cat killers, or other like minded crazy or less than mentally sane people who wanna follow this murders lead. In almost every major mass shooting in the US their was always a follow up within 60 days. So police and the average citizen need to be in a heightened state of awareness. \n\nLong term things like this are only going to continue. Now I'm not gonna share my politic views but instead those of others and the pros and cons they produce. Now the 2nd amendment is gonna be brought up again like in all mass shooting aftermath. And we will bicker among ourselves getting nothing done again and then forgetting it until some other group of people is shot up and the cycle repeats itself. \n\nAvid NRA/2nd Amend supporters say more guns is the solution. Man every responsible citizen with a gun and this won't happen. Sorry to say but that creates something called a domestic war. Like when cartels or gangs shoot themselves apart. Just then it will be criminals and police, with civilians with guns mixed in without the police knowing which is which. Eventually getting civilians with guns killed because cops can't see what your intentions are. All they see is a man with a gun when shots just got fired, even off duty cops run into this problem. \n\nThen theirs the anti-gun people. Whose equally stupid solution of taking away the guns. Which is both logistically and constitutionally impossible.", "If this was an ISIS inspired terrorist attack Trump would have loads to tweet about.  Since it is a domestic lone wolf attack with a stockpile of automatic weapons he and all the other NRA apologists offer \"warm\" condolences.  When are the citizens of this country going to get a backbone and demand sensible gun control laws?", "Ah yes Nevada. Another Republican open carrying ,any idiot can get any gun they like paradise. I just really don't get it. Where was that good guy with a gun?  Oh well  must not talk about gun control when somebody kills 50 people with a gun! GOP no no! Oh well. Nothing to be done. Keep voting Republican!", "The  more mass shootings we have, the more inured people are.\nAlmost 20 years ago, the murders at Columbine High School shocked the nation.  Now school shootings are just a \"thing.\"", "Nevada has some of the most relaxed gun laws in the country, and surely some at the concert were lawfully packing.  So I am shocked, shocked, that the good guys with guns didn't stop this mass shooting.", "Time for action by the rest of us.  Do not vote for any candidate who does not support gun control.   Mark the names of those congressmen who vote to allow silencers or who voted to allow military weapons for everyone and vote against them.  Now.", "Sad news.\n\nMy opinion probably means nought.\n\nIt is unmanly to carry a firearm or knife down under.\n\nMilitary grade weapons are for the military.\n\nMen get into scrapes doing security work and policing.\n\nOnly an immoral idiot would sell a firearm to the public.\n\nThe US has just lost many billions of dollars in tourism while asserting the right to bear arms.\n\nThe US is an unsafe place.", "How many more innocent people have to die before something is done about America\u2019s dreadful gun culture? Fifty lives snuffed out in a matter of minutes; it is truly shocking.\nAt the very least the mindless goons of the NRA should be held accountable for the terrible damage they have inflicted on American society. ", "Another act of horrific violence in America. Condolences and prayers for all the victims and their loved ones. Simply too early to know what evil motivated this mass murder to destroy so many innocent lives. There will no doubt be yet another pointless round of arguments - people screaming at each other on cable news, talk radio, social media - about sensible gun control supported by 80% to 90% of Americans. It will be unclear if those potential gun control measures would have stopped this latest tragedy that seems to part of the fabric of America. We also know that Congress will do nothing more than send out tweets. We now have a President who is fully aligned with the extremism of the NRA. We will learn the identity of all the victims whose lives were cut short so tragically and those who were maimed and sacred for life. Over time, it will blur into an endelesss loop of American violence and tragedy. We also know that if the shooter was identified as Muslim, Trump would be calling it a terrorist act by now. He would blame all Muslims in America and all Muslims worldwide. He would call for an even tougher travel ban, while he would continue to support and enable Saudi Arabia and Wahhabism. A mindless rush to \"judgement,\" and a guilt by association only reserved for non-Whites and non-Christians, while conspiring with the enemy (Wahhabism).", "Now just imagine how much more chaos we would have seen had everybody been wearing guns, guns with silencers and what have you. Everybody would have dived to the ground and then come up firing at anybody, in the dark! All this damage was done by just one person holding an assault rifle. NRA, it is guns which kill people. Without an assault rifle (and high capacity magazines)n this guy would not even attempted this mayhem, carnage!", "I watched a 10 minute documentary \"Killing Time\" about the senseless slaughter of predators (coyote-native only to the U.S.) and the killing contests that take place across our country.\nThink about it-taking joy in killing creatures and yes there were young kids taking part. What was the theory about serial killers? They start with torturing small animals??\n\nWe have the GOP and the NRA and the Dumpster to thank for today's massacre. Check out the current bill allowing armor piercing bullets etc....\n\nWe are doomed to keep going down this black hole.", "I wonder how the House GOP Majority Whip feels about gun reform?", "Tweet from Potus:\n\nTrump Nation exercising their constitutional right to bear arms. America at its finest. \n\nGo back to your work.", "Another triumph for the NRA.", "Yet another terrorist attack on US soil by the NRA.", "Mass shootings = more profits.\nThose who pay the band (gun manufactuers) call the tunes.", "Alex Jones will call it a hoax put on as a Las Vegas show, assault rifle sales will rise on the off chance that an assault gun ban \"might\" be passed. The NRA will utter platitudes and in the end another tragedy will be replaced by something new and the families of the dead will grieve and some of the injured may never fully recover physically nor emotionally to lead meaningful lives. Thanks Wayne LaPierre and the NRA for your advocacy for the gun industry and a special cry to our legislators, be merciful.", "trump hasn't gotten to Puerto Rico yet. He had a golf tournament to go to yesterday. So, his visit to Las Vegas to express his condolences is probably some time in the distant future. After the carnage is cleaned up. He doesn't care for messiness. As far as the silencer issue goes: the only silencer allowed should be the one over his mouth.", "The term \"worst mass shooting in American history,\" like \"warmest year on record,\" has lost all meaning for me.", "Heartfelt sympathy to those who lost loved ones in this senseless act. Heartfelt wishes for prompt care and recovery of the wounded. \n\nMore will be learned about the perpetrator, but the fact this is the deadliest shooting of all mass murders in America brings me nothing but extreme sorrow. \n\nWhat is happening to our social fabric?", "Thoughts and prayers won't do a thing to help today's victims or prevent the next attack, but that's all we can expect to get from most lawmakers. Meanwhile, it's not all that hard to get your hands on a legal assault rifle that you can convert to full auto, and no shortage of websites to show you how.", "Trump offers \"warmest condolences\"? Great. But wait till tomorrow (or till his next stupid tweet), and he and his arrogant, sophomoric billionaire cronies will once again be defending the obscenities of our redneck-gone-mainstream gun culture, and offering new legislation to appease the NRA, who will argue that this could have been prevented if everyone at the concert had been carrying a concealed weapon.", "This is a time when OUR nation should cast aside differences; instead, I am forced to read hate comments. What does it take?", "If the gunman was a non-Christian from a foreign country, this would be called a terrorist attack.  Many in the US would call for bombing some nation for prevention or revenge. But since the gunman is one of \"ours,\" the outrage will quickly fade.\n\nThe silence and inaction by Congress regarding gun regulations is just business as usual.  ", "Mass shootings aren\u2019t like hurricanes; they\u2019re preventable.\n\nEach and every bullet sold should require an insurance policy that drastically increases its cost. Drive the cost of a dozen bullets up to over a hundred dollars for each round; make it far more difficult to accumulate this much ammunition\n\nNo one should be able to pull up to Walmart and fill the bed of their pickup truck with ammunition. In our society, profit is simply valued more than human life.", "50 more victims of our national misunderstanding of the second amendment....  ", "Why is that language ignored?\n\nBecause the Supreme Court in its infinite wisdom said so.\n\nSo there.", "I am tired of people saying they will pray ... that's very nice and all ... but what would really help people is GUN CONTROL. ", "In the past, many of these murderers have had convictions or complaints against them for terrorizing their wives or girlfriends.  ", "I spent yesterday at the gun range with two engineering students.  We were shooting Russian, Finnish, German, and American military arms.  After roughly 1000 rounds our body count was zero.\n\nWe drove to lunch at a crowed eatery with the guns and ammo in the truck.  I even had my CCW weapon on my hip.  Body count still zero.\n\nWe drove home past several schools, theatres, churches, parks and the courthouse next to the post office.  Body count still zero.  \n\nWe drove through densely packed neighborhoods where I saw whites, blacks, latinos, Indians and Indonesians.  Body count still zero.\n\nWe arrived at my home, unpacked all the gear and began the arduous task of cleaning the hardware.  Body count still zero.\n\nI put the hardware back in the safe, walking past my small children and my wife.  Body count still zero.\n\nI do this every weekend, just like millions of Americans across this country. \n\nIf you won't blame every moslem for the vile acts of a handful of moslems, why would you blame all lawful gun owners for the vile acts of a handful of lunatics?", "In London we had weeks of soul searching because some mad men with knives killed 8 people. After a week of, well not much really, America will go back to normal and await the next mass murder, all the while issuing travel advisories regarding Europe. And it will never change.", "The USA has a sickness that cannot be cured by doctors - it's called inanity. It's perpetuated by the sickening Republicans who promote hate and rabid support for the owning of guns in the USA. This slaughter of innocent Americans will not stop until the Republicans are ousted from power, with the head also being dumped. \n\nDump the Trump! ", "That's a fully automatic weapon you hear in that video. Unlike the semi-automatic AR-15 rifles you can purchase they are supposed to be highly regulated and difficult to obtain and illegal. Gun control wouldn't have mattered in the purchase of this weapon. Americans can forget about the notion of gun control anyway with this president and the NRA even with all the evidence that its sorely needed.", "guns don't kill people, people do", "We should be racially profiling insane white dudes.", "When will congress (read that as GOP) take the threat from 'our (overly-armed) fellow Americans' as a clear, present danger to our national safety? The NRA has no place in this conversation because that organization enables this homicidal (and suicidal) behavior. I can take a wild guess who this maniac voted for. ", "First I feel so sorry for those that have lost their lives or been injured. So this week various media outlets will have forums debating gun control and political leanings of the terrorist. Big debates, but nothing will be done for the good of the people. They will find out the shooter has been cited for domestic violence, nothing will get done and we will stay complacent as a society. But here's the thing we as a society are perfectly capable of inflicting change, but we are too lazy to do so.", "basically, every subsequent mass shooting is going to be the next \"worst mass shooting in history\".\nand every single time, there has not been a hero \"good guy with a gun\" to immediately shut down a terrorist in mid-massacre. ", "Did the article say the police raided Ali Baba Restaurant that's a 10 minute drive from the shooting ? Talk about islamophobia .", "Where is the President of the United States of America?  ", "We don't need a Muslim ban. There are enough home grown terrorist here and the US Govt does nothing about it.", "We need sensible gun control laws in this country.  The NRA and the gun lobby are writing the legislation on guns for congress and the republicans are actually passing them for bribes.  Time for Americans to call their reps and demand sensible gun control laws.  Oh, that has already been done?  Then stop voting for these creeps!", "\"Thoughts and Prayers\" as usual, but no rational policy or action that would make a difference.", "If there is a hell, the leadership of the NRA  will have a special place there waiting for them.", "I'm tired of feeling hopeless. I vote in every election, I contact my representatives, but who am I to go against the NRA-- an organization dually entrenched in culture and money. Another senseless massacre for the books.", "I am sick of \"thoughts and prayers.\" \n\nI want concrete action. \n\nBut I am not optimistic that anything will be done. If a school full of dead kids will not bring action, then this shooting will not either. ", "The spineless Congress that wouldn't do a thing to change the gun laws, restrict the sale of automatic weapons, after all those young children were killed a few years ago at Sandy Hook, won't do anything about this either.\n One wonders what sort of hold the NRA could possibly have - have they, the legislators, been threatened with violence against themselves and their families if they try to pass laws with reasonable restrictions?  It's totally crazy.  ", "Once again terrorism from within with an rapid fire gun. Help me understand why anyone needs a rapid fire gun; it certainly is not fair in hunting deer much less in 'protecting' oneself. The Fear lobby, known as the NRA, is destroying freedoms in America; the freedom to enjoy an evening of music, to gather in church, to go to the movies, and... what is the end goal? That we all are to be armed and holed up in our locked homes ready to shoot?  ", "We should ban guns until we figure out what's going on. Right Trump?", "NYT:  Please publish a graphic plotting Bushmaster, Smith & Wesson etc's revenue and profits vs Mass Shooting deaths on 20 year time scale.  Follow the money.  \n\nSuggested Headline:  How many people have to be shot so people can make a buck?!?!", "Well, Republicans, NRA, and 2nd gun Amendment enthusiasts -- how's that law allowing ANYBODY to get a gun thingy working out fer ya???", "What incredibly inane statement will our president say or tweet to make him blameless for the gun war in our American streets, homes and stores? He is of course blameless but just to be certain djt will come up with some distraction. Here's one, start a real war with another nation. It's worked for other leaders, it will work for him. ", "Is the USA on the \"Terror Watch\" lists in other Countries?  This might mean an upgrade to \" Do NOT allow Entry\".     Just Saying.", "The NRA's response might just be, \"well, if concertgoers had guns, they could have defended themselves.\" Right? How could concertgoers in this instance defend themselves against a person shooting from the 32nd floor? Exactly how could any other gun suffice in stopping the slaughter?", "Trump will help \"get past this\" by resuming his twitter tantrums about those overpaid, ungrateful NFL players and those lazy, ungrateful Puerto Ricans.   ", "the shooter is described as a \"64 year old man\"  I am guessing he is white --cause usually when you have a criminal suspect who is not white he is described as a \"35 year old hispanic man\" or 22 year old black man, or 39 year old arabic man etc etc -- so I am just wondering was this a 64 year old white guy, and if so why isn't he specifically described as such ----just sayin", "This comment section really should be shut down in deference to the dead and wounded for this horrible tragedy. It really doesn't do much good to read many of these comments.", "   Of course this is not the time to talk of gun control. It is only time for \"thoughts and prayers\" The only thing shallower than \"thoughts and prayers\" is our Reptilian President's \"warmest condolences.\"  What the hell are \"warmest condolences?\"\n    We had a thoughtful, intelligent human in the White House for 8 years who wept at the carnage and tried to change the insanity. He got no where. We then elected an idiot, turned him loose into the world, and gave him access to nuclear codes. Is there really any hope of solving these incidents when millions are at risk?  Every country has its share of unhinged angry people. We are the only country that arms them to the teeth and the only country that elects one of them President", "Tell the NRA now is the time to have an open and frank discussion of guns, rifles and the 2nd Amendment.\nNot someday- today.\n\nNo private citizen needs an automatic weapon.", "As of right now at least 50 are dead, 200 injured. People heard what they thought were firecrackers. Police in the area recognized that they heard gunfire and were able to discern the location because of the sound.  Just think of how much additional carnage might have happened if this man had been able to silence his shots.  We need to tighten gun laws, not expand them.  No civilian needs automatic weapons, nor silencers.\n\nDeepest sympathy to the victims and their families.", "\"Americans are 10 times more likely to be killed by guns than people in other developed countries, a new study finds. Compared to 22 other high-income nations, the United States' gun-related murder rate is 25 times higher \"\n  ref: from a  study published online Feb. 1, 2016 in The American Journal of Medicine.\nWhy is America this violent? Is it culture or easy availability of guns? why Americans are not interested in gun control?", "The GOP, NRA and Trump supporters will make the usual statements of thoughts and prayers to the victims and their families.  They'll applaud the efforts of the first responders, who are in fact great people, but we may find the gunman took his own life when his ammo ran out.  \n\nCongress can now get back to the important business of making silencers legal.  We can't have mass shooters damaging their hearing during the killing spree.  \n\nGun control will never occur to them.  Its truly mind numbing.  ", "More guns! More guns! We need more guns!  ", "My thoughts and prayers go out to those families.\n\nWhen will we stem this violence? Gun control, bipartisanship, political rhetoric are all places to start. ", "When Sandy Hook happened and nothing changed, it was obvious that Americans don't care about gun violence victims. I've written many times on these comment sections after shootings. If nothing changes, expect this to happen again and again. I'm about ready to leave the US. There are other countries that are more fun to live in, without as many gun nuts.", "Meanwhile, the GOP and the NRA want to make it easy and legal for gunmen to buy silencers.  That way, he'll have more time to mow down more people.  He might even be able to get away since the police won't be able to identify his location right away!  There's notoriety for you, a mass murderer who can shoot for the goal of besting his own \"record.\"  \n\nThank you, GOP and NRA for putting profit before people!  Though at some point, don't you worry about mass murderers killing off your voters and customers?\n\nSo what if the rest of us, who actually put people before profit, have to walk around in fear for our lives whenever we enter a crowded place, be it an airport, a concert, a mall, a movie theater?  Or, we can all just hide at home, that's freedom for ya!  Life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness, all in the comfort of your own home, assuming no one opens fire on the street and you get murdered by a stray bullet breaking through your window!  Maybe putting one of those little \"no gun\" stickers on our windows will prevent that.  ", "Over the next few days we will hear the typical condolences, thoughts and prayers and the typical Republican response that now is not the time to politicize this tragedy. So tell me when is the time?  Speaker Ryan please give me a day and time that you are finally going to hold Congressional hearings and try and stop the terrible violence that guns are inflicting on our society? The time is long past to shut down the influence of the NRA and to solve this plague. ", "Welcome to gun-stupid America.  What a waste.", "I am a lot more afraid of the white gun nuts in this country than any Islamic terrorist, but both CAN be discouraged by gun restrictions.  Anti-science gun nuts love to say that a determined criminal will kill regardless of the law, but it's total hooey.\n\nWe don't need to look any further than Australia.  Australia used to have a gun culture a lot like ours, and mass shootings every year or so, until a particularly awful \"Port Arthur\" shooting in 1996.  After that they passed really restrictive gun laws, and they have not had a mass shooting since.  For over 20 years.\n\nIf you restrict guns, they get much harder to obtain.  They cost more money.  They are less likely to be readily available when someone cracks and decides to do something like this.  There's a reason the NRA cabal in Congress has prevented any funding of research into the effects of gun control.\n\nI don't know what to do about the 40% of this nation that seems hopelessly brainwashed by right wing baloney, but the sane majority of this nation needs to figure out how to keep this minority from forcing their myopic and dangerous beliefs on the rest of us.  I've run out of patience with all of them.", "So sad to see ... The USA is a country to be admired and I've never personally met an American who I didn't like ... but this sickness with guns I don't think many see you as the shining city on the hill any more. I only hope we don't follow you down this road the way we have so many others.\n\nA civil society is nothing if it can't regulate itself and protect its people.", "OK gun advocates, can you explain to me how having folks at the concert armed would have prevented this? You folks always claim that if everyone were armed this type of lunacy couldn't occur. I'll wait.", "Let us mourn the dead in Las Vegas and keep the wounded in our thoughts. Withhold judgement on the shooter until the facts are known, if they ever are. To me the only thing that is clear is that it is too easy in this country to obtain the kind of firepower used to commit this slaughter, and we must, as a nation, find a way to put an end to it.", "The NRA wants to make sure the next one of these lunatics has a silencer.  He could really have upped his total if no one had even been able to hear the gun shots.", "May our Heavenly Father give the families and friends of this senseless tragedy peace that surpasses all understanding, strength during the coming days, weeks, months and years as well as support from loved ones as well as strangers in Jesus\u2019s Name I pray. Amen. \n\nAs for those of us commenting, let\u2019s try to refrain from politicizing this tragedy. Irrespective of race there are bad actors of all races and religions across our Nation. We are living in some hateful times where violence and bullying is celebrated and humility and love is discarded. For those of us who know better, let\u2019s not partake in finger pointing, but prayer.", "There's a name for this type of senseless carnage in America.\nMonday.\nJust another day.", "Terrible tragedy !\n\nThat is another mass killing that could have been prevented were it not for lack of gun control. However, the NRA has the Republicans congressmen and governors in its pocket. Trump for sure, with his narcissism-fueled total lack of empathy, will do absolutely nothing to prevent such shootings in the future. ", "How many more massacres will there be before Americans realize that free access to firearms gives all the lunatics out there a licence to kill? Congressmen who fight against gun control - this blood is on your hands", "Finally, Trump is growing up!\n\nIn regards to the incident in Las Vegas, he, at least did not tweet, 'there were fine people on both sides'.\n\nThat is a change we can live with.", "Horrible beyond words.Praying for all the victims and their families.\nAt what point we all together as one say it's enough?\nWe need protection from de 2nd Amendment.", "Another heart wrenching tragedy!\nAs the information to date indicates a lone local was responsible for the worst mass killing in U.S. history, when would be a good time to question the proliferation of deadly weapons?", "I think it's time to take away the guns. ", "It's as easy to kill dozens in coldest blood as it is to send warmest condolences with your fingertips.", "Three cheers for President Trump and the NRA.\n\nHave Americans gone completely crazy?\n\nWe need the Right to Life much more than a distorted interpretation of the Second Amendment and Supreme Court justices who don't know the law or common sense!", "Let me begin by saying; \u2018Sorry to the living victims and families of the deceased. I could have fought and protested even more for a ban on assault rifles. My fellow citizens knew that better background checks, including mental health screenings, will prevent at least some of these mass shootings. Even one less death makes the effort worthwhile. My heart and meditations go out to all impacted. So many will be shaken by this tragedy. Our tragedy, for we suffer these events together, our tragedy is that so many of us don\u2019t care that their love for assault rifles can make such a mass killing easier.\u2019 We know our government will do nothing about this. Absolutely nothing will be done by politicians. Leaders that refuse to lead out of fear. We know the politicians will say there\u2019s nothing they can do about this. Nothing they want to do. We know the the gun shops will sell out. This is just one of many ways a minority of U.S. citizens impose their cruel form of tyranny on everyone.\nChange will be impossible, our people are not nearly as advanced or empathetic as the Australians.", "My sincere condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting.\n\nThis should be treated as a terrorist act and not the act of another deranged white man. \n\nLuckily enough, the shooter did not have the idea of having a silencer to his gun.  Despite the shooting of Mr. Scarlise, and multiple shootings happening in this country on a regular basis, Congress wants to make it easier to buy silencers. \n\nPraying for the victims is not enough. Something must be done to stop this epidemy of mass shootings. It doesn't happen in other countries.", "This is a national defense issue. \n\nBush and the Republicans did little to nothing to stop 9/11, and in some cases actively worked to weaken US security before 9/11.\n\nRepublicans have done almost everything possible to enable mass casualty domestic terrorism -- aided by the mass media.\n\nEven a slightly-less-compliant media would be extremely helpful.\n\nWe need a new media regime in the US -- people-supported media, like Democracy Now.", "Please, let's not speculate on this horror and for a minute, let's keep our opinion on gun control on hold, just until we can pay respect to the families and the victims.  I, too, want to jump in and scream at the senselessness, but for the moment, let's not add more hateful words.   ", "If the victims had had firearms, they could have shot down mister Paddock.", "What a sick, sick, sick morbid country presided over by a tiny, tiny, tiny little man and a stupid, stupid, stupid spineless Congress that trades a lustful campaign funding addiction for the lives of innocent American citizens, again and again and again.", "Will the Washington politicians call for another moment of silence for all the victims? When their silence about gun control has been deafening. How many people must die before anything but \u201cmoments of silence\u201d is done repeatedly? I thought when 26 first graders were murdered surely the politicians would do something but all we heard was their silence. How much silence can we tolerate from the DC NRA paid politicians? How many must die before they do anything about gun control that is, and has been, wildly out of control", "this country tacitly condones such atrocities, because we have done nothing to curtail sale of automatic weapons with high capacity magazines, even after Sandy Hook.  One might think that Sandy Hook would have mustered the political will to abolish such weapon sales to civilians.  But, nope.\n\nIn the run-up to the war in Iraq, the popular wisdom was: even if there was only a tiny chance Saddam had WMDs, it was worth the risk to proactively deal with that.  By the same token, if there was only a small chance that abolishing sale of such military grade weapons would reduce such mass shootings, shouldn't we proactively legislate for that?\n\nThere answer has been \"no.\"  So I guess this country is OK with the status quo.  Word to the wise: watch your next big outdoor event on the social media platform of your choice.  You could be next.", "He's already being described as a \"lone wolf\" instead of a terrorist so he must be white.\nRepublican response will be:\npass laws to make silencers legal,\nmake states recognize gun law reciprocity,\ndemand open carry in DC, and\nlament the state of mental health in America as they keep undermining the ACA which mandates coverage for mental health care.\n(Oh; and label him a Democrat or pretend it's fake news.) ", "So where was the good guy to take care of this bad guy NRA,  .... Silence speaks volumes", "If the perpetrator had been Muslim, there would be no hesitation to condemn all Muslims as violent fanatics. When the shooter is the usual white American male, there is no mention of his faith or motivations.  He is simply described as tragically mentally ill.", "Where's the NRA on this? Shouldn't they be congratulating the gunman for his choice of weapon?", "Golfer in Chief surely working on his next tweet how to use this to his advantage.", "Once again guns complete the task for which they are designed, built, sold and bought:  to kill living things.  But then, we all know guns don't kill, don't we.............", "I thought the big wall was supposed to protect us from this sort of tragedy. Apparently the shooter is one of us, not one of \"them\".", "The NRA always wins because the organization alerts its members to legislation which they should either like or dislike. Those members contact their legislators in numbers which far outweigh the opposite response from people who want better gun control. Posting comments on news sites accomplishes NOTHING. In other words, this is your fault. ", "Automatic weapon!!!!  5 thirty bullet magazines!  Does ANYONE SEE THE PROBLEM????  Why anyone needs an automatic weapon is a mystery to me...although the NRA would like us all to have them.  All of the NRA supported congressmen need to sever their financial ties and vote for sensible gun control, ban automatic weapons and put their consciences to work.  How many more people need to be killed???", "What a horrific tragedy.\nIs there any safe haven in our culture?", "It is sad. It is so sad. It is important to understand what motivated the shooter to act in the way he did. It is also important to comprehend what business does private individuals have owning automatic weapons. If Second Amendment authors knew about automatic multi-burst guns, they would have drafted the amendment differently. There is a right given to bear arms [for self protection] and one can have a simple pistol for that and then call police. If everybody is going to have automatic weapons, then why waste so much money on police. Let everyone protect her/himself by his/her own weapon.", "This is the second amendment run amuck. How did the shooter get the gun and the ammo?  This   should be more significant than glorifying his name and grisly accomplishment. Of course that \"well regulated militia\" and \"security of a free state\" verbage in the second amnedment is just gibberish for the gun crowd.", "We are being held hostage by the 35% who are pro gun, pro Trump and obviously pro chaos. There will never be any healing for the families of past victims of mass shootings until gun sales are regulated or just flat out banned. This is never going to stop. \"warmest condolences\"....what a monster.", "Given the venue for this concert and the type of music played, I wonder how many of the concert goers themselves were NRA members packing heat and what they now think of that \"second amendment remedy\" to this latest.  Perhaps they will realize why they needed the police to rescue them and why they couldn't identify the source of the bullets and storm the location and take the shooter on their own.  Perhaps now the logic of the NRA will start to unravel.\n\nOr perhaps not.", "The answer to conservatives: more guns. \n\nThe answer to sane people: change the constitution. Just another example here of a US constitution unfit for purpose. Remove/repeal the second amendment. After that we won't have all this blarney about 'rights'. Instead it will be privileges, like being able to drive a car. ", "Why are you not saying that the gunman is white? I'm assuming that he is because his race/ethnicity is not mentioned. If he were black or Middle Eastern I'm sure that information would be included.", "Yawn. Just another day in Paradise. And it won't matter why the gunman did it; the 2nd Amendment enthusiasts will continue to scream about protecting their right to own and use military-style assault weapons, and insist that untreated mental illness is really the only root of the problem. Well, duh, a problem exacerbated by mentally ill folks with ridiculously easy access to guns, who must include more than half of America by now, our collective insanity caused by having a racist, semi-literate, incompetent, cruel madman in the White House. ", "Ho hum, another day, another mass shooting.  I'm surprised the press even bothers to report on these things anymore.  It's no matter, we'll forget about it by midweek.  One thing I know for certain, Congress will take no action and nothing will change. ", "I don't know when Americans will finally realize that the threat of a homegrown white male nut with a gun license is significantly higher than some random Muslim. ", "It's all been said many times, but will anything come out of this horrid \"terrorist\", and that is what it is, attack?  Doubtful.  We are enslaved by a minority with a destructive agenda while a majority of us want proper ownership screening and to keep certain military weapons out of the hands of ordinary citizens.  The NRA, and it's apologists, no matter what they bleat, have blood on their hands yet again.\n\nPray for the victims in this latest horror, but if we really want to honor them, we'll get going on ways to prevent the next, probably even worse, attack.  LInk to \"U.S. News\" June, 2017 article below.  Bottom line is that you are 25 times more likely to be shot and killed in this country than in other \"advanced\" nations.  Good, God, what is wrong with us. https://www.usnews.com/news/best-countries/articles/2017-06-15/us-is-glo...", "Yet again.\n\nWe should remind ourselves that \"tragedy\" in the classic sense is not a \"no-fault\" event. But we're bound to hear the shouting that \"one concertgoer packin' could have prevented this whole thing!\" Just wait.\n\nMeanwhile, the President's fumbling attempt at tweeted commiseration lands with a thud.\n\nJV", "To keep our country and families safe, we have to start profiling local residents.", "I thought people were supposed to calm down and become less violent as they aged.  This shooter was 64 years old.  The Republican baseball shooter was 66.\n\nDoes dementia have a violent side?", "The sad thing is that the feckless Republican Congress will do nothing about this horrible incident. Rather than restricting access to machine guns, semi-automatic rifles, massive ammo clips and silencers, I expect that they will lament that this wouldn't have happened if there were good guys with machine guns in the audience.\n\nHow heinous of an act will it take before your Congress does anything against this insanity?", "Guess i could make some comment about sensible gun control...but Trump and Pence seem to think a blessing from God is more effective.", "Very tragic. Deepest sympathies to all those who were shot dead and prayers for the speedy recovery of those injured. It is time that such deadly guns are tracked and confiscated if there is good reason to believe that they will be used for a mass killing of unarmed humans. If only gun movement could have been monitored, the police would have known in advance that there is a person on the 32nd floor with a number of automatic long range rifles. Right to bear arms for self defense, should not mean a right to kill people indiscriminately. Gun control has to be revisited and it will have to be done by a Republican president. ", "Has the GOP offered their 'thoughts and prayers' as they typically do after these  assault weapon slaughters?  GOP/NRA:  \"If only all these victims had been armed, this tragedy could have been avoided.\"  ", "Why is this a surprise to anyone?  Any elected official who pretends to be shocked then does nothing should be shamed.\n\nWe live in a winner take all society. Where anyone can get an automatic weapon.  Mass shootings are simply pushback from losers.  Get used to it. ", "When will the NRA be labeled as terrorism enablers? ", "And the compassionate statement from the NRA is.......", "This atrocity will not, and should not, stay in Las Vegas: The dolor is felt by all of us.\nIt would be good to keep remarks ideology-free, but hope for that remain slim.\nStill, it behooves us to remember that access to firearms is not limited to the US. So even while we promote \"stricter gun-control,\" we must admit that it takes something beyond owning a gun to commit random mass murder, and that something is not covered, perhaps cannot be covered, by laws.", "Another great day for the NRA, and for a Republican Congress who believe that anyone should be able to purchase a semi-automatic rifle and unlimited amounts of ammunition without government hassle, even certifiably crazy people.  Apparently most Americans agree or there would be overwhelming bi-partisan agreement and change would happen.  Once again we'll wring our hands for a few days and then forget about it.  As a society, we seem to need this kind of \"entertainment,\" just like we used to watch lynchings at the town square before there was TV.  Pogo was right.  We have met the enemy and he is us.", "THIS MASSACRE BROUGHT TO YOU BY THE NRA. \n\nThese mass shootings just keep growing in scope and scale and will continue to do so. \n\nPerhaps woman could be the only people allowed to possess fire arms. Women do not do these kinds of mass murder. \n\nThis will never change in the USA. ", "this is what assault weapons are for", "Can we have ammunition clip limits now, please?", "People always crave an explanation to this sort of madness, and much will be made of whatever this murderer's purported motivations were. Hell, his only  reason might have been for the God-like thrill of stepping on tiny ants far below his high window, for all we will ever know.  In our current climate, the only sure thing is that there will be lots of speculators trying to use this horror to their own advantage. The exploitation has no doubt already begun.\n\nUltimately nothing will adequately explain the snuffing out of dozens of innocent concert goers. \n\nNothing.  \n\nAll we can do is to try to prevent it. Damn the NRA. This is now on our lawmakers, and all of us, to hold them accountable. We must.", "Is this called \"democracy\" to allow sick people to carry machine guns freely in the open and ruin forever so many lives?", "I am confused by the lack of explicit statement that he was white (contrary to other attacks when race and origin are made very explicit), the exact definition of terrorism and when it is applicable as an adjective and why this individual had an automatic gun. ", "Another sick gunman.  Now it is President Trump's turn to try to deal with it.  It comes down to collective insanity (the impossibility in our politics to outlaw assault weapons, etc.).  On guns, we are an exceptional (exceptionally sick) country.  Look around.  I like Australia as a model country on gun control.  But we couldn't do anything after Newtown, CT, still the worst slaughter in recent time, nor after the slaughter in Charleston, SC, so why should anything change?  Cynicism is not the answer.  The answer is political leadership and action.  Talk to former Australian PM John Howard, a staunch conservative who brought Australians to their senses on this critical issue.  Our country will continue to be sick until we deal with guns in a similar way.     ", "If it had been a brown man who was muslim, this would immediately have been called an act of terrorism. But someone who's white and 64 years old? Just a \"gunman who went on a rampage\".", "He had easy access to an assault riffle and like many human beings, an acute or chronic mental disability. We will continue to make bad policies over out of proportion fears of the uncontrollable nature of life.", "It is a painful day for those affected by this horrible event.  i am not sure how gun control can do anything to help us.  I am not sure that every person having a gun in this situation could have helped anyone.  Why do we have these horrible acts every few months it seems?  Politics, politics, mass shooting, gun control and then back to politics.  What have we become as a nation?", "Domestic Terrorism.......    domestic gun violence  terrorism..... who supports this  type of terrorism. \"Warm regards and  we send them our prayers\"\n\nand the seasons they go on and on ............", "We have become a country of insanity unable to be united for causes good.  And as we see today it is just getting worse.  It is no longer God Bless America... It is now Good Luck America", "Predictable because mass murderers usually are white and angry... they can carry guns freely... enter hotels or any facilities with an arsenal for personal use only but protected by law... and protest if someone else opposes their 2nd amendment right to... wherever they are planning to do with their guns and unrestricted freedom.", "Too many unknowns at this time for any meaningful discussion other than shared shock and horror. \n\nBut I am sure that this story resonates across the country and the world not just because of the terror and horrible death rained down on so many innocent people but because so many will feel a personal connection having been to Las Vegas, and specifically the Mandalay Bay and Luxor, which are heavily used for conferences and conventions as well as for tourism. ", "If a nut with an assault weapon can murder 21 first grade children and for fear of the NRA America shruggs it's collective shoulders. This won't even register.", "In the meantime, Donald Trump Jr. is out shilling for the NRA, arguing for the lifting of restrictions on gun silencers. Just make it easier to kill people.  ", "The terrorist\u2019s name was Stephen Paddock. Doesn\u2019t sound like a Muslim to me.", "This is the real \"American carnage\"!!  I'm in shock just reading and then seeing these gruesome photos.  My heart aches for the victims of yet another massacre by a lone gunman.  It's a tragedy that seems endless and heartless in a culture and an administration that condones guns and then continues to ignore the loss of life such policies encourage.  Through my tears, my heart is screaming, \"Stop this madness!\"  How many deaths does it take for this insanity to end?  But, first we must grieve for all those lost and all those who have lost loved ones.  Then we should remember the phrase I grew up with after the massacre called the Holocaust, \"Never again!\"  when we vote next November.", "According to the National teRrorist Association (NRA), it's never the right time to talk about public safety and gun control.\n\nBut it's always the right time to talk about public safety and control.\n\nThe National teRrorist Association has helped make gun murder and suicide America's national sport, plain and simple.\n\nAmerica is a national shooting gallery...and Republicans now want all of their gun nuts to have silencers with their guns so we can never find the shooter.\n\nAmerica's sick Second Amendment has been perverted by the Republican Party to read as follows: \n\n\"A well regulated dementia, being necessary to the paranoid security of a murderous state, the right of the people to be randomly slaughtered by a male mental defective with a gun fetish and no coping skills, shall not be infringed.\"\n\n50 dead Americans.\n\nThanks, National teRrorist Association.\n\nThanks Republican public policy.\n\n\"Prayers\" are an insult to the dead when you could have easily prevented the deaths of Americans with some modest laws regarding guns and bullets.\n\nGuns Over People 2017\n\nA continuing crime against American humanity.", "A permissive gun culture combined with  growing intolerance under the polarised conditions proves fatal to life celebrating the harvest music festival in the casino town. May God shower peace to the departed souls and solace to the kith and kin.  ", "Let's have respect and compassion for the victims and their families.  Stop with the political comments.", "Very sad but unfortunately nothing will change. There were 33,000 gun deaths in the US this past year with half being suicide by firearms. There are more deaths by guns then by auto accidents.  Multiple shootings  occur every day somewhere in the United States that we don't hear much about.  When will the insanity end. ", "Thank you NRA. In the name of the victims.", "We, the public, can only express grief over the deaths and injuries of so many. Our lawmakers, on the other hand, are a different story. How many deaths are too many? Every death inflicted by citizens who have easy access to firearms is inexplicably linked, to the lawmakers who pay lip service to the victims and their families, but do nothing about reining in the NRA.\nCivilized society have no reasons for private citizens to own guns. It is that simple.", "Gun control. Now.", "Sad that something like this happens at the hands of a domestic terrorist here in the US.  So many lives lost, so many lives changed forever by one twisted man.  My thoughts and prayers for the victims and family of this horrible act. Sad also that nothing will come out of this to prevent this from happening time and time again.  Sad also that the narrative will be \"this is not the time for this\" as you always hear.  If not now, when is it the right time?  If we can't keep ourselves safe from harm by ourselves, what then is the solution?  Do we need millions and millions of weapons in America?  When will this madness end?", "How how many more lives will be lost, how much more blood will be spilled before this country stops allowing the tools of such horror to be sold to anyone who wants them?", "I am currently studying abroad in Taiwan and will be making time to write postcards to my congressional representatives to ask them to sponsor gun control legislation. I encourage all other readers, domestic or otherwise, to do the same.", "The saddest thing by far about this latest mass shooting is that, to Trump, it simply provides yet another way to divert attention away from all his problems.", "How many more of our fellow man, DOMESTICALLY, must fall in order for our so-called \"leaders\" to create some sort of sensible & just gun control legislation?", "You can be sure the NRA is already working the phones. ``Let's not panic, folks. We made them forget the 20 little children slaughtered at Newtown. We'll get past this `little incident' too. Stay strong. Let's not mess with the quarterly results. Sorry, I mean the Second Amendment.''", "One can only imagine that the amount of firepower that this one gunman was able to bring into the hotel must have been quite formidable indeed. What was his story that he would need to unleash such misbegotten fury upon the innocent? Simple derangement, or a more insidious domestic terrorist? In either case incidents like this do give us reason to consider the \"gun culture\" that this country is awash in. \"Guns for self-defense against state tyranny,\" is the oft-used rallying cry for guns for everyone and everywhere;  but then you have people like this who impose a tyranny of their own from the business end of a gun. There must be a balance somewhere. The question is do we have the moral courage to find it, or will we let the fear mongers rule, as more and more innocent people make headlines as tragic as this one? RIP and speedy recovery to all of the victims.", "Our society is falling apart.  Those that rejoice in hate speech, those that  celebrate the denigration of others, those whose hearts are filled with disdain, jealousy, envy and hatred are all adding to our destruction.\n\nSociety is a fragile thing.  It can only function if all respect and honor all.  The current climate that exists in media, online and most tragically in government, is pushing us to our doom.  The normalization of threats, intimidation and brutality with words forms a direct path to violence.  It all starts with words.  Words can be used as weapons.  \n\nThere are many unstable people in this land.  Support systems are gone.  The spirit of the community is gone.  Neighbors don't know neighbors.  Doors remain closed and never open.  This isolation fosters violence.  It allows people to act out their insanity.  Add to the mix the open and unfettered access to high powered weapons and this is what happens.\n\nIt keeps happening and will happen again.  We are at tribal species.  We need leadership.  We need guidance.  We need to belong.  The political construct of the uber individual contradicts our evolutionary programming.\n\nThose that remain silent when such toxic elements are set forth are contributing to our demise.  Those that tolerate the poison are complicit in its spread.\n\nIf freedom is important to us, then we must change our ways. Otherwise, there can be no freedom and we are all enslaved to fear.     ", "Thanks to the Republican Party for refusing to ban military-grade weaponry.", "No civilian needs to own the kind of weaponry that makes an attack like this possible.\n\nYou don't need it for personal defense in your home or car. You don't need it for hunting.\n\nAt the very least, we should look at measures to limit the amount of ammunition an individual can stock up on. Oh, I know: the \"sportsmen\" will wail at the inconvenience of obtaining enough ammo for target practice. How many people have to die for that \"convenience\"?\n\nWhy is the Second Amendment the only one some people refuse to accept limitations on? Especially when the amendment contains language (\"well regulated\") that recognizes the constraints necessary to integrate weaponry into the kind of civilian society the founders envisioned.\n\nSome will say 2A is absolute; some of these same people are perfectly happy to call for punishing or restricting those who exercise 1A rights peacefully by carrying a sign or taking a knee.\n\nAustralia\u2014possibly the only country on earth more macho than the US\u2014had the will, intelligence, and civic virtue to do something about gun violence. Why are we supposed to feel helpless? What's in it for right-wing politicians? Until we understand that, we can never address this threat to public safety.\n\nIt would be arrogant to imagine that I can grasp the pain of those who lost loved ones violently and abruptly in the full vitality of enjoying their lives. \"Our hearts go out\" feels vacuous to me when we could be using our brains to take preventive actions.", "Here in America the new motto is \"If you've got a gripe, get a gun and settle it.\" If I were from another country planning a trip here for business, family or pleasure, I'd cancel it.", "People are very crazy please!stop killing people please!!!", "The sound of the rapid gunfire is chilling.  And yet, the NRA and other loonies will defend the sale of assault rifles - designed for the sole purpose of killing the most people possible in the shortest amount of time possible - to anyone who wants to buy one.  It's beyond sick.  I thought after Sandy Hook it would change, but it never will.  We all just wait to read about the next mass shooting, over and over and over. ", "GOP Congress take note: Mr Paddock just fulfilled his 2nd Amendment rights...", "Gosh, the NRA and its legislators will earn their money today.", "I guarantee you we will find out that this guy felt encouraged by the hate spewed by our President...", "One nation under fire.\nBut hey, it was a white male with an American name. Nothing to worry about. No travel bans necessary. Or sensible gun laws.", "Another senseless slaughter that should never have happened.  The gunman was, apparently, a US citizen, a middle-aged, home grown white male.\nNot a Muslim -- not a Syrian refugee, not from  Somali, Chad, North Korea or Venezuela.\nAnd, in terms of domestic politics, thank goodness the assailant was not African American.\nApparently we need to protect ourselves from angry white men -- starting with Donocchio himself.", "Gee, not a Muslim! - I Guess the Congress gets to vote soon on allowing silencers for guns so all those poor \"sportsmen\" won't have to wear ear muffs or use ear plugs. Golly, then think how many more folks someone can kill before being detected.", "Heartbreaking.  Concerts are an opportunity for communal joy and self-expression and not pain, anguish and death.  Been to many.  Thoughts of comfort to those dealing with the outcome: families, friends, first responders and medical personnel at the hospitals.", "and our so-called government will say \"our thoughts and prayers\" and then do nothing", "Weigh in. Contact the NRA: https://contact.nra.org/contact-us.aspx", "If only we'd had a really good Muslim ban in place. Another triumph for the NRA and their captive political party.", "This massacre bought to by the NRA. \n\nThese events will, unfortunately, only increase in scope and scale. Unless the gun manufacturers and NRA are sued out of existence. Slim chance of that occurring. ", "Gun control laws anyone?", "Nine seconds in the first barrage. Live by the sword...\n\nSo sorry to all those families.", "Why isn't this referred to as domestic terrorism?", "Why do Americans want to live this way?", "It's guns, stupid. Where will the NRA stand on this latest slaughter? Let me take a wild guess- 'We need more guns and especially automatic weapons, then everything will work out fine'. More sick advice from a sick organization to a gun sick nation. It's never going to get better, only worse until this country acts to control our gun epidemic. Our tipping point for continual gun carnage has long since passed here in the greatest nation that ever was, is or ever will be under some god or another. We may be great, but boy are we stupid. Guns, they sure make killing so easy. ", "Predicted rebuttal from the NRA: &lt;&lt; Had the victims of this tragedy been carrying weapons the perpetrator would have been stopped.&gt;&gt;  Why do so-called sportsmen require military style weapons designed to kill as many people as fast as possible. Stop this insanity.", "Modern fire arms are weapons of mass destruction. They are weapons of war, designed for mass casualties. They should not be allowed in the hands of the citizenry. They bear no resemblance to the muskets and pistols people had when the Second Amendment was ratified. No individual should have such weapons. This will keep happening over and over until the laws are changed, and the \"well regulated militia\" part of the Second Amendment is paid any attention by the courts. But, the slaughter of first graders couldn't cause such a prudent reexamination by Congress, so I'm sure this won't either. This country's fetish with, and romanticism of, guns is a mystery to me. I guess it makes small people feel powerful to hold a machine, where you can wiggle one finger a little bit, and end people's lives. I think it's sick. ", "I grieve for all the victims and their families.\n\nPlease, do not attempt to politicize this incident - at least until all the facts are in.", "And yet again, nothing will come out of this regarding gun control changes. NO ONE needs high capacity magazines or semi automatic weapons. EVER. I am so sad for our country knowing that this will once again be rolled into outrage, then a temporary uptick in gun sales, and finally by blatant inaction towards gun control laws. Be the change!", "No private individual should be allowed to possess automatic weapons like the one (ones?) used in these killings. This seems clear to me, at least. Why is it not clear to our government?", "Boy, the NRA and its legislators are going to earn their money today!", "\"warmest condolences\"?  It's warmest greetings.  Most heartfelt condolences.  But he doesn't have a heart, so it makes sense.  \n\nIf it was a Muslim who did the shooting, I'm sure he'd have more to say.  But as it was an old angry white man, he can't really afford to alienate that demographic.  ", "The idea that these guns are available in this country is unbelievable.", "I am sure every single Republican politician -- all of whom have blood on their hands -- for their intentionally mangled and warped interpretation of the Second Amendmenr and the pearls and rubies showered on them by the NRA, will send out their \"thoughts and prayers\" and tell us \"now is not the time for politics\". Now is not the time to discuss how every sane and rational proposed gun control measure has been set aside by an insane lust for power -- our constituents lives be damned. Now is not the time. Never is the time. So I ask you America if not now, when? When? Enough!!!", "Horrifying, my heart goes out to the people there.  Based on this report, one person, one military-style weapon, and a few minutes were all it took.  Based on our history, nothing will happen beyond \"thoughts and prayers\".  See the example of our Australian friends for a different approach with a different outcome.  Although I'm 99.999% sure NOTHING will happen to restrict access to these weapons, I will call my representatives today and urge action.  I urge others to do the same.  Stop the NRA.", "It's just another day in America.\nThe gun lobby won't flinch.\nThey will tell us it makes perfect sense that Americans have the right to possess guns that shoot hundreds of rounds in mere seconds.\nYes, I'm horrified.\nWhen will enough be enough?", "The NRA is now demanding SILENCERS for anyone.\n\nThis device would make it more difficult to find and to stop a shooting maniac.\n\nI'm sure it will continue to promote silencers for all, notwithstanding this massacre.", "The single worst shooting in US history has now occurred on President Trump's watch. What is he going to do to keep us safe from this horror?", "So tragic and yet so preventable, but here we are, after a decade of NRA rule, here we are...", "Terrible tragedy - At least since his name is common American, he is a gunman. A name from another land like Asia or the Middle East or Africa and he'd be a terrorist. The one thing in common to all? Guns. . .", "Hey congress- how is that silencer bill going?  Still think it is a good idea?", "What's to say - before long, NRA trolls will be patrolling the comment boards, shutting down all discussions of gun control with tired tropes like \"now is not the time to talk about guns\" or \"guns don't kill people, people kill people\" or the like. And more Americans will keep dying, in mass shootings and daily shootings and suicides and murders that don't even make the news anymore because of their ordinariness. And we'll continue to rail against the threat from immigrants or Muslims or some other undefined \"other\".\n\nOne definition of insanity is doing the same thing repeatedly and expecting different results. We must, as a nation, be insane. There is no other explanation for our collective stupidity and worship at the altar of guns.", "As American as apple pie, protecting our right to have a well regulated militia.\n\nWhy didn't the demagogue in chief Trump tweet about this immediately? Oh wait a minute, he is part of the problem, along with the rest of America.\n\nActually, the media should put this story on page two. Another \"mass\" shooting we happen today and every day thereafter. Each day app. nearly 100 Americans will die from gun violence.\n\nAs Lincoln said, and I am heavily paraphrasing him, if we insist on continuing to have our cultural gun sickness on all sides, this is the price we will have to pay until we come to our senses.\n\nCondolences to the victims and their families.", "As we await the inevitably stupid and inane comment from Trump, may I restate that there is absolutely no reason for a civilian to own a military grate semi-automatic or automatic weapon.\nAmerica is really beginning to suck.", "And of course, this isn't the time to talk about sane gun legislation, is it?", "Trump's muted response to this slaughter is sad. I suppose he does not want to anger his well-regulated militia.", "It is easier to get a submachine gun in America than:\n\nA driver's license in every state in which one must take a test.\nRegistering to vote in most of the \"red\" states if you're a minority.\nObtaining an entry level, minimum wage job since most people have to take a drug test.\nRegistering you dog.\n\n...Just saying. ", "Guess what?\n\nThis was an act of terrorism. I hope Republicans and our Racist-In-Chief acknowledge this case of domestic terrorism.\n\nWill Mesquite, NV be put on the travel ban list now?\n\n50 of our fellow human beings who were enjoying themselves: now dead from a single person's act. Just sad all around, and even frustrating. ", "And we are supposed to be a civilized society.  Sorry, but get rid of the military style guns in private hands. We DON'T need them.  As to our president, he would, considering his limited verbal skills, just stay out of it. \"Warmest\" condolences? Really?", "Any chance at gun control this time?", "How is the NRA (and their Congressional lackeys) going to defend the selling of automatic rifles such as this madman obviously used? Where is the good guy with a gun that could have stopped this killer? Will there ever be minimal sanity and decency in this benighted country?", "Good ol' gun-happy America.  We are a disgrace to the human race.", "This has to be the watershed moment for anyone undecided on gun control. Time to outlaw anything not a revolver, double barrel shotgun or hunting rifle.", "My deepest sympathies to all those people who are suffering from this senseless violence.", "\"Now is not the time to talk about the proliferation of guns\"\n\nthey say again - on Fox, the NRA, the Republicans in Congress and I am fairly from DJT. \n\nWhen will it end? ", "So now the NRA and other \"gun rights\" and Second Amendment advocates will say this is not the time to talk about gun control.  When is?  If the massacre of children at Sandy Hook didn't cause a real conversation, this won't. There is absolutely no need for automatic weapons in public hands. They are weapons of war but  a state such as Nevada makes it absurdly easy to get such a weapon and kill.   Can we please finally have a reasoned conversation about gun control?  How many people must die before we do? ", "To the GOP....no more hearts and prayers.  Get off your butt and for God's sake do something to regulate these military weapons! \n\nSen Collins:  I'm calling your office right now.", "When will we learn that allowing the mentally unstable to buy rapid fire weapons is a bad idea?", "Will gun lovers again plead that it is too soon to discuss reasonable gun controls, just as they did after Newton?.", "Is this just something we are expected to accept as normal now? Unless they have a foreign-sounding last name, we just throw them our \"thoughts and prayers\" and move on.", "What will it take for our legislators to realize the almost daily penalty of their stubborn inaction and unwillingness to correct the second amendment, and place limitations on gun ownership???  How many more of these incidents will surely occur if they fail to take proper action?  These deaths are directly due to our legislative bodies failure to restrict gun ownership.  These needless deaths are on their collective consciousness. ", "Another day, another mass shooting in America. My heart goes out to the victims and their families. As usual, our so called leaders will offer their \"thoughts and prayers\" and do absolutely nothing to stop the carnage, just as they did nothing after Sandy Hook, or after the church killing in South Carolina, or after Columbine, the Orlando night club or even when fellow law makers like Gabby Giffords and Steve Scalise are killed. When are they going to enact at least some semblance of sensible gun control, such as banning assault weapons and armor piercing bullets, waiting periods and background checks? No one benefits from this insanity except for the NRA, the gun manufacturers, the Congressmen and women that are beholden to them, and care more about money than the human lives.", "CNN mentioned it as the deadliest shooting in the history of America, so sad. Precious lives are lost for no reason. My heartfelt sympathy is with the families of those killed and also with the injured but when will this madness stop ? Is it also just a case of a mentally sick person indulging in random killing ?\n\nWill Americans ever abondon their guns or will there be weapons buying spree once again ?", "Never ever blame the gun manufacturer for providing the means for a nut case to kill people.  Stupid.  Should everyone on that field be armed so that they can fire back at crazy on the 32rd Floor?  Sickening and stupid.", "I am at a loss for words. ", "Curious: How would a \"good guy\" with a gun confront and stop the gunman, considering he was shooting with an automatic weapon from a very high elevation?\n\nI would really like to know how that oft-touted logic  - that if only we were all armed, these things wouldn't happen - applies in this situation.", "Media is reporting this as the \"largest mass shooting in US history\". How many times have we needed to say that just in the last few years? How many times more will we say it? ", "It is so heartbreaking.  ", "Let us not fail to pause in our daily activities today to pray for the victims of this horror and their families and friends.\n\nAnd to recall with disgust and revulsion that President Trump -- acting in league with the Republican Party and the NRA -- made it a point as one of his first acts as President to pass a bill making it much easier than before for mentally disturbed people to secure guns.\n\nhttp://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/trump-signs-bill-revoking-obama-era-...", "Even if we armed every single man, woman and teenager in the United States, it still would not stop an active shooter from killing untold numbers of people before someone finally killed the shooter - that is, IF someone was able to actually take out the shooter.\n\nWe desperately need sensible gun legislation in this country to prevent people like this shooter from ever getting their hands on or near a gun, period.\n\nHave we as a society had enough of this yet? Have enough people died for us to finally begin to change?", "Reportedly the shooter was a 64 year old man with what amounts to a machine gun. The authorities hesitated, I understand, to call it terrorism.\n\nGentlemen and Ladies of the Authorities: This Is What Terrorism Looks Like.\n\nWe are suffering under domestic terrorism that the authorities seem to be willfully turning a blind eye to. Because: Guns.\n\nThe 2nd Amendment includes language that says that guns are to be used within a \"well-regulated militia.\" Why is that language ignored?\n\nThe time is now to stand up to domestic terrorism under the guise of 2nd Amendment protections. The time is now to invoke the \"well-regulated militia\" part of this law.", "Culture contends with murder: Freud will never die.", "A horrific tragedy.  \n\nI would urge everyone to view on youtube what an AR15 with a customized 'sliding bump stock' is capable of.  There are dozens of videos.  There is absolutely no reason that such a device should be legal to purchase.  ", "How many lives, how many more these mad killings, will it take to amend an obsolete law? Is this country beyond repair?", "What other comment is possible except the obvious:  Get rid of all the guns in private hands.  I'm not just talking about automatic, combat weaponry, for which there is no possible justification, I mean all of them.  To hell with the second amendment.  No 18th century nonsense is worth the carnage that takes place on a regular basis in this country.  ", "Have we had enough?  In my view, the NRA and it's all-too-willing accomplices, the Republican Party and the right-wing justices of the Supreme Court, are the true enemies of the American people.", "There is a photograph of 3 people lying together who seemed to have been killed. What is the point of publishing that image?", "Gun control now please. Your hollow thoughts and prayers will do no good, members of Congress. Stand up to the NRA and pass legislation limiting access to high capacity weapons that enable this senseless loss of life. As for the old argument that guns don't kill people...they do. And high capacity semi-automatic or automatic rifles kill more people than revolvers or other lower capacity hand-guns.", "Again, the horror of a mass shooting in the US.\nAmerica is drugged on a culture of violence and arms.\nOn of Trump abominable comment after the Paris Bataclan terrorist attack was   \" If everyone had been armed then people could have fought back\"  Then how does this apply to the Las Vegas mass killing ?\nAs long as the NRA and automatic weapons are freely available even to mentally ill individuals, this is sadly what will continue to happen. Prayers and compassion for the victims of this collective insanity.", "Amid all the horror and death this tragic event has caused I am struck by the quick response by Trump that is in such contrast to his response to Puerto Rico.  Where was his sympathy and concern right after that hurricane decimated our US territory?", "Now is the time for the NYT to run detailed stories on gun industry profiteers, and all the wonderful things they do for our economy with all the millions of jobs they create. Tell all that to the families of the dead.", "Thank the NRA who insists on allowing the sale of assault rifles and similar weapons as well as open carry. No one is safe anymore, anywhere because of the mentality of the NRA.", "I cannot hear any more that there is \u201cno way\u201d we can prevent mass slaughters using an automatic weapon.  When will all of us, including law enforcement officials, finally insist that weapons of mass destruction are not constitutionally protected? Until then, none of us are safe anywhere. ", "It is a reality that the 'good guy' with a gun will often be a few minutes behind the 'bad guy' with a gun.  Sadly, with modern weaponry a large amount of terrible damage can be inflicted during these few minutes.  Condolences to the victims, their families and the Las Vegas community.", "I'm numb, just numb.  I know I should feel outrage, I should feel sympathy, but I'm just numb, sorry.", "This one, too, is on the NRA and the GOP.", "And the shooter was not a Muslim.  Imagine.\n\nBut, you know, Donald Trump and Sarah Huckabee Sanders have everyone in their thoughts and prayers.  Ho hum. ", "I guess now would be an \"insensitive\" time to talk about the desperate, crying, overdue need for gun control in the United States? ", "When will this end?", "Listening to the shooting, this was a full automatic weapon which is illegal unless your have federal approval.  The elevation of the shooter and crowd response to stay in the line of fire drastically increased the casualty count.  They were just laying around targets because they didn't realize the shots were coming from above.  ", "The NRA and its stooges should be along any minute now to say that this is not the time to consider gun regulation.", "And the gun carnage continues as we allow weapons of mass destructions to somehow fall under the protection of the Second Amendment.  Weapon owners never part of the well-regulated militia that that amendment calls for are allowed to own weapons our founders never would have imagined.\n\nAmericans - when are we going to stand up to the NRA?", "Dear Lord, what have we become?", "We must have autopsies of every shooter like this to know what prescription drugs or street drugs they are using. What is causing this violence? Religion? Concussions? Racial hate? Drugs? Brain damage?", "Words fail.", "So sorry. Deepest condolences to the victims and victims' families. ", "Maybe now,further gun controls will be legislated ,especially since most at this country music festival were very likely pro-gun.", "It would be very insensitive to the victims of this tragedy to talk about gun control right now, just as it was very insensitive to talk about global warming during the recent tragedies brought on by hurricanes Irma, Maria, and Jose. Oh, almost forgot not to talk about our first amendment rights to protest of police shootings of unarmed black people.  Just play football and get your brain banged around! It's great to be a \"Merkin\"!", "Gun Control for the love of Gods !!!!!", "No words...", "The republicans who are running the show have two options: The first is to start working on a solution to the insane dangers of unfettered gun lust. The second is to \"send prayers and thoughts.\"\nOh! But first they've got to take a call from Wayne LaPierre.", "}\n\nEnough is enough.   The GOP & NRA have blood on their hands with this, and the Dems need to make this clear.\n\n  It is the GOP\u2019s gun policy(s) that have made it possible for these machine guns and assault rifles to fall in the hands of madman.  We are lucky he didn\u2019t have a M60 belt fed or there would be thousands dead or wounded.\n\nIf the shooter had been a Muslim, the GOP would be going nuts, and we\u2019d be rewriting detention policy.", "My sincere condolences to the many victims and their families.\n\nThis was preventable.", "If a pile of dead 3rd graders (Sandy Hook) won't bring about reasonable gun control in America 50 dead country music fans won't either.  ", "May a pox fall on the first politician who offers \"thoughts and prayers\" without a plan for sensible gun laws.", "Just another day in the heavily armed, guns are ok, USA. Same song, different funeral. Don't let the NRA play you for a fool. They are death peddlers who wrap themselves up in the second amendment flag as if it is one of the ten commandments. It\u2019s not. It needs to change. We need to change. ", "Don't worry, nothing will change.  You can shoot a high ranking Congressman and nothing will change.  You can shoot up a nightclub and nothing will change.  Now, you can be an American who shoots up a Country and Western show in Vegas....don't get more \"murican than that....and nothing will change.", "Another day in Gunmerica...", "So tragic and awful. And yet don't expect any action from our lawmakers, because you knows, guns don't kill people...", "\nYay!  Guns!\n\nWhat?  Too soon?"]